Chapter 288
===========

Dragon Creation Energy was a mysterious energy that contained many mysteries. This wasn't something that Gu Chensha could nurture.

Gu Chensha had been trying to comprehend the Dragon Creation Energy, but with his realm, how could he comprehend it? He had never obtained a Dragon Creation Pill.

At this moment, he used the wisdom of the stars to deduce the mysteries of the Dragon Creation Pill. Slowly, as the Dragon Creation Pill seeped into the depths of the Dragon Gate, Gu Chensha roughly understood the mysteries of the Dragon Creation Energy. Of course, he didn't have the ability to create the Dragon Creation Energy.

He could use the Dragon Gate to create the Dragon Raising Energy, but the Dragon Creation Energy was one grade higher than the Dragon Raising Energy. The difference was like heaven and earth. The difference between geniuses and geniuses was huge.

It was easy for geniuses to break through to the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Body, but it was tough for them to reach the 18 Transformation Great Dao Golden Core. As long as geniuses cultivated, they would definitely be able to reach the Great Dao Golden Core.

Gu Chensha's Dragon Gate had the Dragon Raising Heart Technique. Through the Dragon Raising Heart Technique, he could merge many energies, combine them, break them down, and turn them into Dragon Raising Energy. Then, the Dragon Raising Energy would transform and form the Dragon Raising Pill. If a normal person ate the pill, they would become a genius. The complexity of the changes couldn't be described with words. Moreover, this also involved the mysteries of the Dragon Gate itself.

At this point, Gu Chensha was already a pill refiner and artifact craftsman. His intellect was really deep and was close to that of a Saint. He could see through the essence of everything. This was the reason why he was able to analyze the secrets of the Dragon Creation Pill so quickly.

However, he couldn't craft the Dragon Creation Pill as the Dragon Gate was incomplete. Unless he could find the true ancient Dragon Gate, otherwise, even if he became a god, he wouldn't be able to craft the pill.

To be able to craft the Dragon Raising Pill and turn people into geniuses was already his limit and it was a heaven-defying thing.

This was the result of him cultivating the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique and using the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood to nourish the Dragon Gate. Geniuses were born from the heavens.

Without the Son of Heaven's God Investiture Art's Sun and Moon Dragon Blood, it would have been impossible for Gu Chensha to transform the Dragon Gate into a Dragon Nourishing Elixir.

This was also the reason why Yuan Shasheng, the Chaotic Demonic Deity Ape, and many other experts could not transform the Dragonization Tower into the Dragon Gate.

Furthermore, the Dragon's Gate was formed after Gu Chensha sacrificed the Heavenly Daos many times, borrowing the power of the Heavenly Daos to form this gate.

In other words, the mysteries of the Dragon's Gate contained a portion of the power of the Heavenly Dao. This power far surpassed the refinement of a deity.

It was not without reason that Gu Chensha relied on the Dragon Gate to roam the world and lock up Golden Core experts at will, capturing and humiliating them.

Right now, he didn't need any armor or weapons. He just wanted to focus on forging this dragon gate. This dragon gate was his life treasure. In the future, it might even become his incarnation, his second Nascent Divinity.

The Dragon's Gate had been refined by his heart's blood, and now, with the power of his Nascent Soul, it was pushed to its limit. After absorbing the energy from the two Dragon Creation Pills, Gu Chensha breathed in and out, and he found that some runes and thoughts had appeared within it.

He analyzed these runes and thoughts, and vaguely deduced some wondrous mental cultivation method. It was the Dragon Creation Mental Cultivation Method!

However, just the power of two Dragon Creation Pills was far from enough. He needed more Dragon Creation Pills to obtain more Dragon Creation Qi to evolve the Dragon Gate.

As the Dragon Gate evolved, he felt that the Buzhou Palace in the Dragon Gate was gradually affected by the power. It seemed like some of the Dragon Gate's aura was starting to merge with the Buzhou Palace, showing signs of being refined.

This was something that Gu Chensha had always wanted to do. He wanted to merge the Dragon Gate and the Buzhou Palace together to form a supreme treasure.

However, this was not an easy task. If the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman was still here, he would have a chance to use the power of the Heavenly Dao to forcefully merge them. However, the talisman had flown away. With his strength and Lou Baiyue's Xuanwu baby, even the Fourth couldn't do it.

What kind of existence was the Buzhou Palace? It was a palace that the ancient Son of Heaven, 'Zhou', had painstakingly refined. It expanded and expanded, forming a Grotto-heaven. If not for Grand Preceptor Wen Hong's refinement and restoration, Gu Chensha probably wouldn't even be able to activate it.

This treasure was not something that the Black Vast Dragon Ship, the Ten Thousand Li Soaring Cloud Flag, the Sun Swallowing Ba-Serpent Pouch, the Celestial Dragon Hoop, and the Sea Carrying Gourd could compare with it.

If the Buzhou Palace was at its peak, it would definitely be comparable to the Book of Heavenly Demon.

However, after the Great War of Gods and Demons, the palace was filled with flaws. Even Grand Preceptor Wen Hong had only restored its basic functions. The current Buzhou Palace was still in a state of wreckage. It only had half of its former might.

This was because there would still be thousands of divine soldiers and puppets operating in the Buzhou Palace. However, there was not a single one now.

Although Gu Chensha had 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals, it was still a far cry from the 100,000 divine soldiers and generals that the Buzhou Palace had at its peak. The Buzhou Palace was most proficient in divination and creation.

In terms of combat defense, Gu Chensha had discovered that the core material of Buzhou Palace contained the aura of the Dragon Gate of the Great Desolate Era. Hence, if he could fuse Buzhou Palace with Dragon Gate, the two would become one, and he would definitely obtain a true supreme treasure. Gu Chensha had been working hard all this while.

Originally, he couldn't see any hope. However, after the Dragon Gate devoured the two Dragon Creation Pills, its power increased greatly. Its intrinsic quality improved and it began to slowly devour the Buzhou Palace. This made Gu Chensha feel that success was in sight.

No matter how powerful the Buzhou Palace was, it was impossible for it to be as intrinsically powerful as the Dragon Creation Pills. The Dragon Creation Pills could directly create peerless geniuses.

At this moment, the Buzhou Palace was fusing with the Dragon Gate. The massive Essence Qi of the Dragon Gate and the energy of the Buzhou Palace combined. All sorts of cycles were like pipes that connected to each other. They formed an incomparably huge whole.

Gu Chensha felt that the Dragon Gate and Buzhou Palace had become much lighter. They were light as a feather.

In the past, it was extremely exhausting for him to circulate his Essence Soul to activate the two Dharma treasures. However, it was much easier now. Often, he only needed a tiny thought to unleash their full strength. Rumble!

At the place where the Dragon Gate and Buzhou Palace merged, the Essence Qi vibrated endlessly. The four great elements of earth, water, fire, and wind surged endlessly. The first to bear the brunt were the 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals.

Under the effects of the earth, water, fire, and wind, these Heaven Mending Divine Generals suddenly collapsed and then reformed again. This went on for thousands of times before they once again condensed into brand new Heaven Mending Divine Generals.

And the new Heaven Mending Divine Generals were still wearing battle robes and holding three pointed, double-edged blades. The vertical eyes at the center of their brows shone brightly. However, their bodies were more lively. The meridians in their bodies and the spirituality in their brains were more active. They were filled with intelligence.

Now, if these Heaven Mending Divine Generals were released, each of them would be able to hold their own. Whether it was doing business, dealing with interpersonal relationships, farming, or even fighting in the imperial court, they would be able to do it with ease. And these Heaven Mending Divine Generals all had Gu Chensha's knowledge. They were all intelligent. And their aptitudes were all geniuses.

The manufacturing ability of the Buzhou Palace, the dragon nurturing energy of the Dragon Gate, the Son of Heaven's God Investiture Art, the Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle, the Great God Massacre Art, and other rare and wondrous techniques finally produced the power of the Heaven Mending Divine Generals.

"Great!"

Gu Chensha saw that the merging of Dragon Gate and Buzhou Palace was settling down. He was delighted, "Now, Buzhou Palace and Dragon Gate have roughly merged by 1%. If I have 200 Dragon Creation Pills, then it will be enough. Then, I will be able to totally merge Buzhou Palace and Dragon Gate. Moreover, Dragon Gate will also transform to an unbelievable realm. But I think that even the Great Spirit God behind Gu Tanjian doesn't have so many Dragon Creation Pills. After all, until now, Gu Tanjian only took out three Dragon Creation Pills to exchange for Bao Ming 'er. The other people who joined him didn't get any Dragon Creation Pills at all."

Gu Chensha had a large amount of intel and knew that Third Brother Gu Hengsha, Seventh Brother Gu Fasha, Tenth Brother Gu Zhensha, Fourteenth Brother Gu Yunsha, and Eighteenth Brother Gu Hongsha all obtained Gu Tanjian's Dragon Raising Pills. All of them became geniuses and their strength increased greatly. Now, they were cultivating in the dark and accumulating strength.

As long as one was a genius, along with resources, it wouldn't be hard for one's soul to leave the body.

200 Dragon Creation Pills would directly create 200 geniuses. Along with time, it wouldn't be impossible for them to wipe out some of the 72 sects.

But Gu Chensha was able to see some of the mysteries of the Dragon Creation Energy. It was really beneficial for his cultivation.

The two Dragon Creation Pills that the Dragon Gate had devoured had given him a tremendous boost in strength. After the Divine Heaven Mending Generals were reassembled, not only did the strength of each of them increase by at least thirty percent, the Dragon Gate's ability to absorb, speed, and strength had also greatly increased. Most importantly, after combining with the Buzhou Palace, the speed at which he could create magic treasures, weapons, and armors had also greatly increased. It seemed like if this continued, he wouldn't need the Celestial Craft Institute at all.

"Your aura has changed once more. It seems like you have become much stronger."

Bao Ming 'er had already refined the pill. She realized that her entire body had changed. Her eyes became deep and she seemed like a totally different person.

But even if she became an unparalleled genius, she still couldn't compare to Gu Chensha. She realized how terrifying Gu Chensha was.

"I have to thank you for scamming those two Dragon Creation Pills out of me. They allowed me to understand many mysteries, and my soul comprehended many secrets."

Gu Chensha recovered and was in high spirits. "It seems like we will have many more opportunities from now on."

"I just don't know what Gu Tanjian will do after he receives news of the Lord of Seven Stars. If I were Gu Tanjian, I would definitely go all out to rob him. After all, obtaining the Lord of Seven Stars means he has the talent of a top Saint. Even Fa Wuxian can't compare to him." Bao Ming 'er sighed emotionally. "You and Lou Baiyue didn't even think about refining Zhuge Ya."

"That's the righteousness of the Imperial Court. The Imperial Court's tolerance is great. The Celestial Pacification Department's goal is to pacify the Immortal Dao and have it work for the common people. That is the foundation of the Imperial Court. Since ancient times, not even the Saints of the human race have been able to subdue the Immortal Dao. But the Celestial Pacification Department's goal is to expand the scope of what the Saints can do. As the saying goes, the bigger the ambition, the bigger the scope. We can accommodate Zhuge Ya. "