Chapter 535
===========

Inside the sphere of the Common People's Wish.

Over the past month, the huge amount of vow's wish power had increased by at least 30%. Even the naked eye could see golden streams of energy rolling down from the top of the Tree of Hope. These golden streams of energy were formed from the vow's wish power, something similar to the Son of Heaven's Aura. However, they were also different.

"The world is truly united. This time, the world is truly united."

Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and Gu Huasha stared at this place. They saw the vow's wish power flowing into the crystal wall of the Minor Chiliocosm, transforming into pure world energy and increasing the accumulation of the Minor Chiliocosm. They couldn't help but nod.

The Calming Immortal Department first announced the creation of Eight Sages, then increased the supply of Human Dragon Pills, Human Dragon Swords, and Human Dragon Armors. After that, they distributed a large amount of 'Heavenly Dew Pills' to pregnant women and newborn babies. This trend immediately became unstoppable.

Now, even the most remote and desolate villages sighed at the wisdom of the Calming Immortal Department. For the benefit of the common people, there were even some families that began to hang portraits of the Four Sages of Calming Immortal Department, offering incense to them day and night.

However, the Calming Immortal Department's thoughts brought about the vow's wish power, not incense and faith power. Although this was also produced by the common people, it was not the same thing.

Incense and faith power was something that the common people prayed to a certain god, hoping that the god would bestow them happiness, fortuitous encounters, and other things. This was absolute dependence. Relying on a god for everything was the same as hoping that everything would fall from the heavens. As for the vow's wish power, it was an oath to a supreme existence, creating one's own path, hoping that the supreme existence would bear witness to it.

The vow's wish power was a manifestation of the heavens, a manifestation of a gentleman ceaselessly striving to improve himself.

As for the Son of Heaven's Aura, it was something that the common people acted according to certain rules and laws. They revered the Son of Heaven in their hearts, and under this rule, they gathered a kind of power that could change fate. Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, and Gu Huasha all had a kind of comprehension.

"The hearts of the common people are like chaos. Their spirit power can be refined into the power of faith. It can be refined into demonic intent and negative emotions. It can also be refined into the power of curses and wishes. It can also be refined into the Son of Heaven's Aura, and so on.

Refining the minds of all living beings is equivalent to refining all kinds of substances from the primordial chaos. "

Gu Chensha said, "Some of the gods who have attained godhood need to extract the power of faith from the hearts and minds of all living beings. As for the tycoons of the Devil Dao, they want to extract the fear, despair, and malice from the hearts and minds of all living beings. The Son of Heaven and Emperor want to extract the rules, prestige, order, reverence, and respect from the hearts and minds of all living beings, and gather them into the aura of the Son of Heaven. As for the Division of Calmness, what we extract is hope and vows. These things are definitely different. Only now do I understand this logic. " "That's right. Your Highness's words are spot on."

Zhuge Ya said, "The hearts and minds of all living beings in the world can be said to be another form of chaos. It is different from the real chaos elemental energy. However, this energy is the key to transcendence and is difficult to study.

That was why the final move of the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art was called the One Heart of All Beings!

Since ancient times, not to mention practicing this move, there hasn't even been an Emperor who understood this move. "

"Within the primordial chaos, all living beings are born, and the hearts of all living beings are like primordial chaos. It is simply a perfect cycle. Only by extracting things from the hearts and minds of all living beings can one obtain immortality and transcendence.

People say that cultivation is to leave the mortal world and obtain peace and quiet, but that isn't cultivation at all. It is escape.

Only by understanding how to extract the essence from the hearts and minds of all living beings can one obtain true cultivation. "Lou Baiyue once again comprehended a few things.

"That's right. Our Division of Calmness leads the way of thought and refines the power of vows and wishes. When the world is united, whether it is the speed of condensing a minor chiliocosm or self-cultivation, it is a hundred times faster than cultivating in seclusion. The benefits of managing the world are enormous.

It is no wonder that the noble families of sages want to recruit disciples and offer sacrifices to their families. They must not cut off the line of worship. Once the line of worship is cut off, no one will care about the dead sages. In the future, let alone being resurrected, it will be difficult for even their spirits to manifest. In the end, they will sink into oblivion and there will be no hope left. "The Fourth Gu Huasha said.

The four of them discussed, exchanging their cultivation experiences and understanding of the hearts and minds of all living beings in the world. All of them obtained new comprehensions and enormous benefits. These benefits could not be comprehended by a single person alone in the forest.

As Gu Chensha made a grabbing motion, a golden power of vows and wishes coiled around his fingertip. He carefully savored it, and it was as if he could see millions of people making their oaths in unison. Their hearts were at ease, and they were all imagining a bleak future. There was also the will to work hard and pioneering spirit. This was an absolutely positive emotion, and it was even purer than the Emperor's Qi.

Everyone was united, working hard, broadening their horizons, and hoping for a better future. How could such a power of wishes be ordinary?

"The power of vows and wishes gathered by ten thousand people is already extremely great. After refining and fusing it into my body, it can quickly replenish my magic power, and it can also replenish the world's power. If the power of vows and wishes gathered by a billion people are gathered in this sphere every day, the speed at which it is replenished is almost equivalent to that of a Deity level expert."

Gu Chensha sighed. "As long as we continue to manage it, even if we are not Deity level experts, the power of vows and wishes gathered by all living beings in the world will be much stronger than what a Deity level expert condenses every day.

In fact, even the power of a Deity level expert is not as pure and effective as the power of vows and wishes. If everyone is united, they can move mountains and fill the seas, and all sorts of great miracles can erupt. " This was the benefit of refining power from the Heart of All Living Beings. All living beings were definitely not ants, but the source of power, the end of chaos.

In the chaos, a world was born, and in the world, all living beings were born. This was the so-called "life".

Gu Chensha had truly grasped a certain key point. He felt his spiritual sense surging, and almost in an instant, he could break through some kind of fog and reach the realm of "Divergent".

"It seems that managing the world and understanding all living beings is the true meaning of cultivation." He nodded, and his body suddenly split into four.

One body sat in the sphere of the People's Wish, and used the Heavenly Dao to condense the sphere of the People's Wish into this Mini Chiliocosm every day.

With him presiding over this Mini Chiliocosm, he could also eliminate all sorts of unstable factors. Otherwise, as the world grew bigger, the vitality it absorbed would be very heterogeneous. If he did not care about it, over time, evil spirits would be born. For example, if the God of Wishes gave birth to its own consciousness, it would no longer be pure, and when that happened, it would no longer listen to Gu Chensha's commands. This was also an extremely bad thing. Gu Chensha would never allow such a thing to happen.

The Mini Chiliocosm was now equivalent to a country, and Gu Chensha was a country's emperor. He had to constantly govern, reorganize, and eliminate any unstable factors at all times. Finally, he could perfectly control this world.

Otherwise, even if his own fish pond had not been cleaned for a long time, there might still be pythons and venomous insects hiding in it.

There was also an incarnation who presided over the Minor Divine Province, managing the overseas territory. The Minor Divine Province was an important chess piece in his plan in the Immortal Dao. Now, it also provided a large amount of vow power for the sphere of the People's Wish, so it was not to be underestimated.

The other incarnation assisted in the establishment of the Human Dragon Guild. With his help, Qin Han was gradually achieving success.

Qin Han had the backing of an ancient Buddhist Sect powerhouse. Gu Chensha's plan was to let the powerhouse of the ancient Buddhist Sect collide with the Devil Calamity first, so that the Tranquil Deity Department would not be at the forefront and buy time for the Deity Department's development.

The other true body roamed the world and continued to monitor Wu Dangkong, Gu Tanjian, the Crown Prince, Emperor Wu, the various aristocratic families, and various other powers.

Three incarnations and one true body, all of them had their own roles. Gu Chensha went all out to develop the world, manage the Imperial Court, and strengthen the Calming Celestial Department's ability in all aspects.

This was because he had reached the Dao Realm 23 Transformation, Reflect the Past. Each time he cultivated, he would see the same unbelievable things as Zhuge Ya.

The current world, the entire universe, shouldn't have existed. It was like everything was in a nightmare. In the past that he saw, it wasn't the past after Heaven Talisman Emperor was born. This made him feel a sense of danger. This was because in the past, there was no Heaven Talisman Emperor and there was no him.

In other words, he was just a person in a dream and not a real body. This feeling made him really uncomfortable, but he was unable to find the truth of the entire world. Zhuge Ya said that there weren't many people in the world who could see through the past. Even Saints found it hard to see through the truth and the fog. He cultivated the Heaven Path Technique, so naturally, he would be able to see more than before. East Wasteland, Xuan Gate.

Tai Xuan Du, Wen Hong, and Chang Weiyang appeared in front of the three of them. Many scenes in the wilderness, ocean, and desert appeared. The three of them used their powers to display the situation in front of them.

In their scrolls, God Land's Yongchō suddenly had a huge amount of luck. It surged into the sky and seemed to be able to seep into other spaces.

"These bunch of little fellows are really amazing."

Tai Xuan Du praised, "I obtained some experience of resisting the Heaven Path from Tai Mang Di, so I wouldn't be summoned by the Heaven Path. I can live for a few more years and can even use 80-90% of my strength."

When one reached Saint Realm, one couldn't use all of one's strength, otherwise, one would be summoned by the Heaven Path and merge with it. This was why there were many restrictions on Saints and it wasn't easy at all.

This was one aspect of the balance of the Heaven Path. If one's strength was too strong, one would definitely be restricted and killed by the Heaven Path.