Chapter 101
===========

With Long Yuyun's help, the fiefdom was in good order. She had brought a large number of servants from within the Great Wall, and there were more than three thousand of them. In addition to her own three thousand warriors, there were more than seven thousand of them in total, which was enough to fill up the population of the fiefdom.

Moreover, she had been ordering them around for generations, so there was no problem with their loyalty.

Gu Chensha didn't care about all this. Anyway, he was the one in charge of the land and Long Yuyun was counting on him to save her family. He could only work hard. Moreover, he knew that raising his strength was the key. When he was strong, he would be able to suppress all the chaos in the land. For example, the Heaven Talisman Emperor didn't care about any schemes.

Moreover, during these 10 days of cultivation, he spent most of his time in his bedroom using his blood to draw talismans to hatch the Xuanwu God Beast egg. Surprisingly, not only did his cultivation not drop because of the loss of blood, but it became purer and purer instead. Using his own blood to feed the common people was in line with the Son of Heaven Dao.

Not only that, every time the blood he used to draw talismans was absorbed by the Black Tortoise egg, the Black Tortoise egg would reciprocate with an extremely thick and long Essence Qi that flowed through his entire body, causing his strength to increase even more. Although the toughness of his body couldn't be said to truly be comparable to copper skin and iron bones, it was still difficult for swords and spears to penetrate.

His strength exceeded that of nine bulls and two tigers but he didn't break through to the second transformation of Dao Realm.

Although the second transformation of Dao Realm was called nine bulls and two tigers, in truth, it was just a description. One really needed to breathe in spiritual energy to spread it to one's limbs and bones, slowly nurturing it. In the end, one's flesh and blood would transform and give birth to immense strength.

People who cultivated normal cultivation techniques would have nine bulls and two tigers after the process of spiritual energy spreading around their body and absorbing it into their flesh and blood. But people who cultivated profound techniques would have to exceed this limit.

Gu Chensha's Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique was really strong. The moment he stepped into Dao Realm, he broke through the limit of nine bulls and two tigers. Once he merged the spiritual energy with his flesh and blood and stepped into the second transformation of Dao Realm, his strength would be several times that of nine bulls and two tigers.

More importantly, with the gradual awakening of the Black Tortoise egg and the suppression of the formation eye, the entire castle of the Black Tortoise Leaving the Sea pattern also came to life. As long as one lived inside, they would unknowingly be contaminated with the aura of the Black Tortoise, thus becoming strong and sturdy, and their lifespan would also be extended.

The Black Tortoise was known for its sturdiness, vigor, and long lifespan. Among the Primordial Divine Beasts, there were only a few that could compare to the Black Tortoise in terms of physical strength, and even fewer that could compare to its lifespan.

It was recorded in the history books that when the plants near the dragon's lair were contaminated with the dragon's aura, they would turn into immortal herbs. After consuming them, one could live forever. The Black Tortoise was also a divine beast, and its status was equal to that of a dragon. When the people and plants near it were contaminated with its aura, they would also have divine power.

Not to mention that Gu Chensha was feeding the Black Tortoise with his blood. Their auras were connected, and the Black Tortoise egg's life essence was activated. Naturally, it would be injected into his body more or less. Ka-cha!

Gu Chensha was testing his own strength. He grabbed a piece of Xuan Steel and used a bit of strength. The Xuan Steel shattered like an egg. He casually rubbed it, and the Xuan Steel was like mud that changed shape in his hands.

"Prince, I led a team to patrol the mountains and found barbarian race spies. We captured all of them. Are we going to kill them or make them slaves?

That barbarian race spy is really strong and is at Martial Ancestor Realm. He brought a team of 10 martial artists, so if we don't kill them, it will be hard to manage them. They can kill the guards at any moment and rebel. " In the castle, Zhou Bu was reporting to Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha rubbed it while replying, "Bring me to take a look."

Zhou Bu looked at the Xuan Steel in shock. It instantly turned into a life-like dragon. He did it so easily, and Zhou Bu was really impressed.

Xuan Steel was really tough and it wasn't normal steel. It was refined from steel, and only after many rounds of refining could it be made into Xuan Steel.

"Prince's strength and body are probably comparable to someone at the third transformation of Dao Realm, right?"

Zhou Bu guessed. He had also stepped into the Dao Realm and had been working hard recently. He had been studying and listening to Yu Ming's lessons. Along with the effects of the Seven Saint Heart Training Pill, his intellect had slowly deepened and he could see more things. Recently, he had been getting better and better at doing things. He was also really loyal.

He came to the jail in the castle and as expected, he saw a barbarian race general and 10 others. They were all locked up but they weren't shackled.

The entire cell was made of Xuan Steel and unless one reached Dao Realm Three Transformation, it would be tough to forcefully break out. Moreover, there were many hidden weapons in the cell. As long as the prisoner made any weird movements, the mechanisms would be activated and the prisoner would be killed. This was a unique design of the Celestial Designer Institute.

"Don't worry Prince, I used sword energy to seal their meridians. If they use too much strength, their bodies will hurt. They are no different from normal people." Zhou Bu said.

"Which tribe are you from? Why did you come here to scout?" Gu Chensha asked in the barbarian language.

The barbarian race general didn't say a word and just looked at him cruelly. He muttered like he was praying to an evil god.

"It is a waste to kill a Martial Ancestor. Call Yiming over and see if he can persuade this Martial Ancestor. If he can't, then we can only kill him." Gu Chensha took a look and instructed. He didn't think about killing the barbarian race priest to obtain the Heaven Dew.

The barbarian race became captives and lost their ability to fight back. Killing them seemed really bad. Moreover, the land clearing, farming, farming, and breeding depended on the barbarian race slaves. There were close to 100,000 barbarian race slaves in the land and the management was a huge problem. It wasn't good to kill all of them but if they didn't, they might riot at any moment. This was something that all the rulers found problematic. Gu Chensha felt that it was best to change these barbarian race.

But the barbaric and bloodthirsty nature of the barbarian race had seeped into their bones, so it wasn't easy to change them.

"Master, you want me to subdue these barbarians?"

Yiming came over. He already knew what Gu Chensha meant, "If I still believed in God Maha, I could use his power to subdue them and do whatever I wanted. But now that I don't believe in God Maha, it's hard to control them. "

"Then how about you create a new God by borrowing the power of the gods, create a new sect, and let these people worship me?"

Gu Chensha said, "The barbarians have not been civilized for generations. Using civilized methods to educate them definitely won't work. Only ghosts and gods can make them submit." "No."

Yiming shook his head, "To make these barbarians submit, we have to let them sacrifice themselves to gain power.

Now that I am using a god, even if they worship the god behind me, they won't be able to get anything back from killing them.

The barbarians aren't stupid. If they can't get any benefits, they will feel cheated and will rebel even more. " "Indeed, there's no way to give them power."

Gu Chensha thought about it and agreed. The reason why a god was a god was because after worshiping them, they could gain power by sacrificing themselves. They could also use it to treat illnesses. For example, there used to be a medicine god among the people. If someone had a headache or fever, they could kill a chicken and sacrifice it to the god.

Now, Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had abolished this god. Everyone who was sick had to see a doctor, and medical centers were set up everywhere.

"Those who worship the god when they are sick are guilty." This was the decree.

"Lock them up first. Their three meals are rice. Wait until I think of a way to subdue the barbarians." Gu Chensha waved his hand and left the cell. It seemed like there was still a long way to go before he could educate the barbarians. When he left the cell, he saw Long Yuyun rushing over, "I have something to talk to you about." "Yiming, think of a way to subdue the barbarians. This is a top priority."

Gu Chensha ordered, "There are close to a hundred thousand barbarian slaves here. It won't be fun if they cause trouble." "Yes, Master." Yiming bowed.

"Come, let's talk in my study."

Gu Chensha grabbed Long Yuyun. Activating the Great Dragon Armor, he flew up the tower and entered his study cum bedroom on the highest floor.

"The First Prince has already sent a message to me. He wants me to bring my men and kneel before him to atone for my crimes. Otherwise, he will kill my younger brother. That younger brother of mine is a genius. He was originally the hope of our Dragonsword Island. Unfortunately, he was captured by the First Prince." Long Yuyun said.

"What do you think?" Gu Chensha asked.

"I can only ask for your help." Long Yuyun said.

"Then have you ever thought of submitting to the old minister?" Gu Chensha asked again.

"Impossible. Even if I'm the only one left, I will fight to the death."

A ruthless expression appeared on Long Yuyun's face. "If I submit, I'm afraid my entire family will die. With me around, there's still a chance for revenge." "Well said. Since that's the case, I will go and rescue him immediately."

Gu Chensha sipped his tea. "But the territory needs to be rebuilt. If I'm not around, I'm afraid there will be problems." "I can deal with all these problems."

Long Yuyun gritted her teeth. "I've already talked things over with Frostjade Dew. She's brought her own people and is now completely under your command. The other opponents have already left, and Yu Ba has completely severed ties with her.

She has returned to gather merchant groups and stationed them here. At the same time, she will bring more merchant groups to prosper your territory. Also, she has gifted you three hundred high-grade jades. " "That's good."

Gu Chensha looked around. "I also want to save your family as soon as possible. Only then will you cooperate with me.

The barbarians have already sent scouts to investigate. I'm afraid there will be a large army attacking soon. We have to prepare for battle. "

"I will do my best to bring the Frosty Jade Dew." Long Yuyun couldn't care about anything else at this moment.

"Alright, I'll leave immediately."

Gu Chensha reached out and kept the Xuanwu Egg. The entire castle lost its charm and the spiritual energy in the room became much thinner.

He activated his thoughts and the Great Dragon Armor wrapped around him. There was no aura, no wind, no ripples. It was even more mysterious than the Invisible Talisman.

Recently, the Great Dragon Armor had become more and more mysterious. This was because it had digested that crystal. At the same time, Gu Chensha would occasionally use the Sun and Moon Refinement and Essence Blood to refine it.

Although Gu Chensha's cultivation was strong, at most, it was comparable to someone at the Dao Realm Transformation Three Copper Skin and Iron Bones.

The reason why he was able to slice off Yu Ba's finger was because he used the Great Dragon Armor to block his Xiantian energy. Along with the fact that the Demon Descending Blade had become extremely sharp, Yu Ba wasn't prepared at all. If not for the Great Dragon Armor and Demon Descending Blade, he would have been killed in one move.