Chapter 899
===========

The battle began.

Long Xiangtian carried unparalleled luck and energy to fight against Crown Prince Gu Xuansha and Master of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha.

This time, Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha's anger had reached the limit. They wanted to kill Long Xiangtian at all costs. Long Xiangtian was too arrogant. If they didn't kill him, he wouldn't let the two of them go.

The two of them used the results of their recent research. They displayed a part of the Heaven Realm's power.

Long Xiang Tian watched as the Heaven Realm shrunk infinitely and flew in front of him before expanding infinitely until it completely contained him. A look of shock appeared on his face. He hadn't expected Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha to be so fierce. But even though he was shocked, he didn't feel scared. Instead, he turned his shock into excitement.

He let out a loud roar and activated his entire body. Just like Gu Chensha, he transformed into the Soaring Dragon mental cultivation method. His entire person was the mental cultivation method, and the mental cultivation method was his entire person. It expanded majestically and actually enveloped the Heaven Realm's energy. It changed in circles and wanted to refine everything.

"Break!"

Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha saw this and went all out. Gu Xuansha's energy surged and burned above his head. He activated the prehistoric civilization's battleship and system. The battleship flew out from between his eyebrows and attacked Long Xiangtian. Pitter-patter! Long Xiangtian's Soaring Dragon Heart Technique was torn apart.

His body trembled, recovering his original body. There were cracks everywhere, white holy light and flames burning everywhere. This was a result of being injured. Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha just took a few steps back. They weren't hurt. Seeing this, Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha nodded. They made up their minds. They had to kill this guy.

"Refining Heaven Formation!"

The two of them used the secret technique again. Two altars appeared out of nowhere. Each altar was huge. It was as if ancient existences had traveled through time and space to come here.

"Long Xiangtian, the Heaven Refining Array, the Heaven Melting Altar and the Heaven Transformation Altar were originally left for Gu Chensha as trump cards. Our strongest means can only be used on you now."

There wasn't the slightest emotion in Gu Tiansha's voice, "If you weren't so overbearing, we wouldn't have used this trump card. If you want to blame someone for your death this time, you can only blame yourself for being too arrogant. In this world, no one can be truly invincible and truly fearless. So what if it was Gu Taxian?

In the end, he was still entangled with the Heavenly Axiom, and there was the danger of both of them dying, let alone you. Your birth was actually a variable leaked from the battle between Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Axiom. Do you think you are invincible? Today, I'll show you what it means to be arrogant and doomed. "

The two ancient altars were called the Heaven Melting Altar and the Heaven Transforming Altar. These two altars were constantly expanding and transforming, forming a Yin and Yang Extreme Dao. As the Yin Yang Extreme Dao changed, it completely trapped Long Xiangtian.

'Not bad,' Yang Qi thought. 'Is this the trump card Gu Tiansha and Xuansha are using to deal with me?

The might of the formation was indeed immense. If it caught him off guard, it could even injure me. Long Xiangtian's strength was far inferior to mine. If nothing unexpected happened, he would definitely be refined by the formation. However, with Long Xiangtian's fate energy, it would be an accident if nothing unexpected happened. Under normal circumstances, he would definitely be able to rise from the ashes.

That's what the main character in a legendary novel would get. 'As Gu Chensha looked around, he came to a realization.

Drawing on his Dragonless Mental Magic, he sent it into the ancient civilization's battleship and the System of the One God. In the depths of the System of the One God, two wills were fighting.

One was the will essence of the System of the One God, and the other was the will of the heavenly world, which Gu Chensha and Xuansha had used to suppress the System of the One God. Because of the will of the heavenly world, the System of the One God wouldn't cause any trouble.

Of course, that was an opportunity for Gu Chensha. His Dragonless Mental Magic was now many times stronger than it had been when he had fought the System of the One God. It only took a moment for his Dragonless Mental Magic to enter the core of the System of the One God, and begin to grasp its secrets.

He didn't try to assimilate the System of the One God, because it was too powerful for him to do so in a hurry. However, he could still steal the core secrets of the System of the One God. With that knowledge, he would be able to create more of the System of the One God in the future.

Moreover, he could make the puppets he made such as the Common People's Commander, Common People's King, Common People's Marquis, Common People's God Generals, Common People's Officials, etc to be dozens of times stronger. In the blink of an eye, he had acquired all of the secrets of the ancient civilization.

The legacy of the ancient civilization was now in his grasp, and was fusing into his animadestiny mental magic. If it weren't for Long Xiangtian's destiny, it would have been very difficult for him to acquire it.

And now, while Long Xiangtian was fighting with Gu Tiansha and Gu Xuansha, he had taken the opportunity to obtain the core secret.

The Dragonless Mental Magic shone brightly in his sea of consciousness. As he activated it, each character seemed to break down, evolve, gather, shrink, explode, and expand. In the end, it shrank, collapsed, and exploded again. It was a reenactment of the limits of reincarnation, and the reproduction and destruction of civilizations.

Each character of the Dragonless Mental Magic represented the cycle of reincarnation, the birth and destruction of the universe, and the spread of civilization.

As of this moment, Gu Chensha's Dragonless Mental Magic surpassed the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art, and even the Grand Massacre God Magic.

It wasn't that the Grand Massacre God Magic wasn't strong, but that Gu Chensha had gained experience in the battle between the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the dao of heaven. Furthermore, the Grand Massacre God Magic wasn't the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's strongest ability.

That being said, the Dragonless Breathing Technique could be considered as the strongest Mystical Ability between the Heavens and Earth. Not even the abilities of the Emperor Heaven could compare to it.

"I've already obtained what I wanted. Now, it's time to start harvesting."

Gu Chensha knew that his Dragonless Mental Magic was truly invulnerable. All that was left was to spread it, develop it, and gain the recognition of the masses.

His strength had increased greatly, and he could see Long Xiangtian's fate energy. Everything was in his control. At this moment, he knew that he could capture Long Xiangtian, Gu Xuansha, and Gu Tiansha.

Especially since he had only devoured one-tenth of Gu Tiansha's origin energy. Now, he was going to devour this person completely. Not only that, Long Xiangtian's origin energy was somewhat similar to Gu Tiansha's. If he devoured it, he would definitely be able to reach the highest realm.

"Origin energy, devour. Fate energy, condense!"

At this moment, Gu Chensha no longer cared about his own status. When the three of them were fighting fiercely, he suddenly appeared. In a miraculous manner, he struck out with his palms and fiercely pressed down on Long Xiangtian and Gu Chensha. Bang! It was as though the entire universe had exploded from his attack.

Long Xiangtian and Gu Tiansha were caught off guard and were hit by Gu Chensha's attacks. Both of them let out earth-shattering screams.

Gu Chensha slapped and grabbed. Instantly, a large amount of origin energy was pulled out of Long Xiangtian and Gu Tiansha's bodies. In that instant, Long Xiangtian and Gu Tiansha had lost a third of their Origin Cores.

Last time, Gu Tiansha had only had a tenth of his Essences taken away by Gu Chensha, and he had not been able to reach the highest level. He had always had a huge flaw. Now, each of them had had a third of their Essences taken away, which was three times as much as before. Whether it was their cultivation bases, their karmic luck, or their karmic luck, they had all been weakened. Ah … Long Xiangtian retreated quickly. Only then did he see who the enemy was.

"Zhou Wang, it's you! Who are you? "

Long Xiangtian was exasperated. His fate energy had always been strong, and he had never been at a disadvantage. But now, he had lost one-third of his origin energy. He felt like he was going to lose his mind and tear everything in front of him apart.

"Me? Gu Chensha. "

Gu Chensha had completely returned to his original appearance. He looked at the two clumps of Origin in his hands. The two clumps of Origin kept emitting thunderous sounds. They wanted to fly out and return to their master's body, but Gu Chensha firmly suppressed them. They couldn't move at all.

"Impressive."

Gu Chensha was actually a little disappointed. Just now, his original plan was to obtain at least half of the origin energy in one strike. But when he grabbed their bodies, he felt a strong backlash of fate. There was also a mysterious will that stopped him from killing them. This caused him to only be able to obtain one-third of the origin energy. However, one-third of the origin energy was enough for him to evolve again.

"Refine, devour, fuse, transform!"

With a thought from Gu Chensha, the Dragonless Heart Sutra seeped out and wrapped around the two balls of Origin Energy. Then, it was absorbed into the Heart Sutra. The Heart Sutra turned into a huge millstone that wanted to crush the Origin Energy into pieces.

"Gu Chensha, you actually stole one-third of my origin energy!"

Gu Tiansha was so angry that he was about to go crazy, "Long Xiangtian, you idiot, you think you are invincible in this world, but you didn't expect that you are just a puppet and a chess piece that Gu Chensha used. He used you to deal with us, using your fate to weaken our fate, causing both of us to suffer losses. He suddenly came out to take advantage of us, and now we are going to die without a burial place, it is all because of you, you idiot."

"Gu Chensha, how dare you!" Long Xiangtian also calmed down. He knew that he was in a life and death situation.