Chapter 394
===========

In Zhuge Ya's opinion, the headmaster of Taiyi Fantasy Sect, namely Tai Mang Di's father, was indeed as cunning as an old fox.

Taiyi Fantasy Sect was powerful, scheming, and rich in resources, but even the most powerful figure couldn't compare to the Lord of Seven Stars in wisdom.

The Taiyi Pearl contained enormous secrets that were difficult to comprehend. If the Lord of Seven Stars' wisdom could unlock the mysteries, she would definitely impart them to Tai Mang Di, who would then report back to the sect.

In addition, if Tai Mang Di became Zhuge Ya's disciple, his cultivation base would definitely improve rapidly. He could also rely on Heavenly Talisman Emperor to gain some advantages in the future tribulations.

If he announced to the outside world that Tai Mang Di had been tempted by the Lord of Seven Stars, the Taiyi Fantasy Sect wouldn't be investigated by the three Heavenly Venerables.

Of course, the three Heavenly Venerables would definitely understand this trick, but at least they wouldn't have any reason to investigate it.

"This Taiyi Pearl is a bit of essence light left over from the Great Explosion of Chaos. It contains the mysteries of creation, life, and death. It can be considered a primordial spiritual treasure. Heavenly Venerables Taiyi used his own magic power to condense it for many years, and it also contains his cultivation memories and experiences.

It was the foundation of his sect, but because of his sudden death, he didn't have time to impart the method to open it to his disciples. As a result, it's been silent for so many years. "

Zhuge Ya spoke with fervor and assurance, as if he was very familiar with the secrets within. "You were able to obtain this object's acknowledgement because of the great changes in the world. This object sensed the heavens and earth, and some flaws and leaks appeared. At that time, you happened to touch this object. Of course, this can also be considered as your luck. " "I see."

Tai Mang Di was enlightened. "Master, you must have a way to open this object, or even activate its mysteries?"

"Of course. If this object is truly opened, its power is not much weaker than the Book of Heavenly Demons.

It will also be greatly beneficial to the Celestial Pacification Department and the World's Wish Sphere.

However, after accepting this object, I'm afraid I'll have to bear the karma of your Taiyi Fantasy Sect. Heavenly Venerables Taiyi might have left behind some true methods that he wants to resurrect. "

As Zhuge Ya stretched out his hand, the Taiyi Pearl in the center of Tai Mang Di's forehead fell into his hand. Tai Mang Di was shocked.

This pearl had been residing in the Primal Aperture between his eyebrows and seemed to have fused with his Sea of Consciousness. He could now use this pearl to store an endless amount of Innate Gang Qi and use it to store items. Up until now, this pearl only had these two abilities. But that was enough. In particular, the ability to store an endless amount of Innate Gang Energy was a freakish ability. In other words, Tai Mang Di's innate astral qi could never be exhausted.

"Master, you …" Tai Mang Di was shocked.

"This pearl has yet to truly connect with you. With your current level of cultivation, you won't be able to control this pearl, and it will be very easy for others to take it away." Zhuge Ya twirled the pearl on his finger, as if he was thinking about something. As he studied the pearl, he waved his hand. Divine General Maha's corpse was devoured by the Heavenly Demon Tree.

Although the Heavenly Demon Tree was only the size of wheat, the moment it came into contact with Divine General Maha's corpse, it produced a powerful suction and devoured everything. In an instant, the dozens of feet tall Divine General Maha's corpse was turned into nutrients for the Heavenly Demon Tree to absorb.

Meanwhile, the Heavenly Demon Tree grew a lot. At a visible speed, it grew into a sapling about half the height of a person. This was equivalent to saving a hundred years of absorption and evolution. There were some fruits on the sapling, but they were only the size of soybeans. The fruits were greyish-brown and contained a demonic aura. They were not of the righteous path.

"Good, this is the Demon Reincarnation Fruit. After eating it, a person will reincarnate into a demon.

They will have immense strength and can even grow wings to fly. Their bodies will be covered in scales, making them invulnerable. But sometimes, they will lose their minds. "

Zhuge Ya said, "This fruit is very useful to demons, but it's more harmful than beneficial to humans. The Heavenly Demon Tree absorbed Divine General Maha's demonic aura. Some of it is useless to its own evolution, so it refined it into this fruit."

"I've only heard of the Demon Reincarnation Fruit in ancient times. The Sage of the Ancient Demon Race and the Demon God of the Demon Race worked together in an attempt to refine the bloodlines of the Demon Race and the Demon Race, combining them perfectly to create a perfect race. Unfortunately, they failed. But even a failed race is still extremely powerful. The Demon Reincarnation Fruit was refined under such circumstances. "Tai Mengdi knew quite a bit.

"If we sell this fruit to the Yao or Demon race, they will probably fight to the death for it. Even immortal dao disciples who are lacking in talent but desire to become strong will use it regardless of the price," Lou Baiyue said.

"It's useful indeed."

Zhuge Ya plucked the Demon Reincarnation Fruit. "These fruits can be used to trade for some good items with the Yao race. We can make a fortune. This fruit is of no use to us. " "This Heavenly Demon Sapling is truly miraculous."

Tai Mengdi said, "Rumor has it that this tree can create countless treasures and elixirs as it pleases. Now we know."

"With the Taiyi Pearl, the Heavenly Demon Tree's growth will be much easier." Zhuge Ya threw the Taiyi Pearl in the air. Immediately, the pearl floated above the Heavenly Demon Sapling's head.

The fusion elemental energy absorbed by the Heavenly Demon Sapling was not absorbed into its body, but into the Taiyi Pearl.

"After the Heavenly Demon Sapling absorbs the fusion elemental energy, it needs to break down the energy in its body and turn it into nutrients for its own growth. This slows down the process, but the Taiyi Pearl's current function is to purify and break down energy. Putting aside the fact that the fusion elemental energy is slowly activated, the Heavenly Demon Sapling will have a much easier time absorbing and breaking down the fusion elemental energy after going through the Taiyi Pearl's filtration. It's like eating a meal. If you eat a large piece of meat, your stomach will definitely feel bloated, but if you chop it into minced meat and eat it, it will be much easier to digest."

Zhuge Ya explained to Tai Mengdi, "Not only that, once the Heavenly Demon Tree's mysteries are unleashed, unlocking the Taiyi Pearl's mysteries will be just around the corner.

From now on, you and I will cultivate under the Heavenly Demon Tree, and I will teach you more things. " "Thank you, Master."

Tai Mengdi quickly sat cross-legged under the Heavenly Demon Tree, feeling the process of the Taiyi Pearl absorbing the fusion elemental energy.

Indeed, after a while, the Taiyi Pearl spat out the fusion elemental energy, which was then absorbed by the Heavenly Demon Tree. Inside the Heavenly Demon Tree, there was a gurgling sound, like a cow drinking water. The sapling, which was half the height of a human, was also swaying and emitting waves of energy, as if someone was playing a beautiful piece of music. It made Tai Mengdi feel like he was in an ancient and desolate state of mind, watching the birth and death of the world.

"This is the Primordial Rhythm of the Heavenly Demon Tree."

Zhuge Ya said, "By listening to this Primordial Rhythm, you can comprehend the ancient sounds of the Primordial Rhythm, the state of mind of the beginning of the world. This is the state of mind of an ancient powerhouse. This music can't directly improve your cultivation base, but it can enlighten you. Over time, your state of mind will rise to the top of the world."

Tai Mengdi was already immersed in this rhythm, and his Xiantian Gang Qi began to squirm and transform, his life energy becoming more and more perfect.

Zhuge Ya continued, "In the past, the Heavenly Demon Tree devoured fusion elemental energy, just like the ancient people, eating raw meat and drinking blood. It was very primitive. But now, with the Taiyi Pearl, it's like we have a skilled chef who can turn fusion elemental energy into all kinds of delicious and nourishing meals. Naturally, it can speed up the evolution of the Heavenly Demon Tree." Tai Mengdi also sensed that the Taiyi Pearl seemed to have undergone many subtle changes.

Zhuge Ya struck out a series of complicated secret spells, entangling the Taiyi Pearl. Using the wisdom and means of the Lord of Seven Stars, he reflected the ultimate meaning of the pearl. This was something that the Taiyi Mystical Sect couldn't do. The master and disciple pair began to cultivate.

The Heavenly Demon Tree became much more lively. Its branches and leaves fluttered, emitting a primitive rhythm that spread throughout the world within the sphere of Common People's Wish. The lifeless yellow sand seemed to have a trace of spiritual qi.

The interior of the sphere began to change. Between breaths, it began to accumulate energy. Unlike before, when the Heavenly Demon Tree would absorb even the slightest bit of energy. Deep under the sea. Gu Chensha woke up from his deep cultivation. He didn't use any energy. He just let his body float in the deep sea. The huge water pressure couldn't do anything to him. He did it with ease. The strength of his body had reached such a level. He sensed the sphere of Common People's Wish and found that it was slowly accumulating energy.

"Not bad, not bad."

Gu Chensha already knew everything. "I didn't expect the Taiyi Pearl to be so mysterious. It can help the Heavenly Demon Tree's cultivation and purify its energy. It's the same as helping the Heavenly Demon Tree digest more easily. It's finally freed from the situation of the tree absorbing life energy, creating a positive cycle.

In another ten days or half a month, I can use the sphere to tear through the void to deal with the Adjudicator and destroy the Everlasting Alliance. "

He thought carefully. The four golden cores in his body revolved slowly, preparing to condense the fifth.

"I'm not in a hurry to kill these people. I should go see that Xing Qiongshi first. That Wu Dangkong also knows the Son of Heaven's God Investiture Technique. He can also use the Jade Transformation Talisman to save Xing Qiongshi."

Gu Chensha moved silently in the sea. Soon, he found the place where he had first discovered Xing Qiongshi.

It was still a huge jade mountain. It was so hard that even a god couldn't break it. Only the Son of Heaven's God Investiture Technique's Jade Transformation Talisman could completely open the seal.

Beneath the jade mountain was a pitch-black oceanic trench. It seemed ordinary, but Gu Chensha could sense that it contained a fiendish aura that was even denser than the depths of the Infernal Domain. He didn't even dare to peek at it. Just a slight peek would cause him to sweat profusely and feel his hair stand on end.