Chapter 962
===========

Chaos in the Human World Chapter 959 Chaos in the Human World

"The Human World is in chaos."

Gu Chensha's clone followed behind the Feather Sand and observed the situation. He realized that as Gu Daoxian rebelled against the Heavenly Court, the entire Human World was getting restless. Many experts began to attack cities, plunder lands, and gather resources for sacrifices. The Heavenly Court, which had been on the verge of unifying the Human World, began to retreat.

Many of the God Spirits in the Heavenly Court and the Yin Gods in the Underworld were interfering with the Human World, strengthening their rule. Everyone felt like the gods were watching them.

Only by sincerely offering sacrifices to the Heavenly Court would they not do anything out of line or out of line.

But now, there were so many experts stirring up chaos in the Human World, killing so many Yin Gods that the Heavenly Court lost control. But this was inevitable.

The Three Corpse Gods that the Emperor Of Heaven had created were just too freakish. They wanted to control the hearts of all living beings, and in their subconscious, all sorts of dissatisfaction would form, which would eventually lead to a tribulation.

"The Emperor Of Heaven is very powerful. He predicted this long ago. He knew that creating the Three Corpse Gods would lead to a backlash from all living beings. This backlash will be very powerful, but if he survives this tribulation, his power will increase. He might even reach the eighth level of Immortal, the Undecaying level. He'll be on the same level as me. At that time, it will be very difficult for me to suppress him." Gu Chensha analyzed. "But, more importantly, the Emperor Of Heaven can survive this tribulation.

This tribulation is no small matter. Putting aside Gu Daoxian, there are at least a hundred experts who are ten times stronger than the Dragon Ascending Sky. This isn't some Chaotic World Demonic Ape God tribulation. It's like tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands of Chaotic World Demonic Ape Gods exploding together. It's even more terrifying. "

Gu Chensha didn't think much of the Emperor Of Heaven, because there were many people who had obtained Mutant Essence. There was no one in the Heavenly Court who could fight against Gu Daoxian.

Of course, without his threat, the Emperor Of Heaven would still have a great chance to suppress this rebellion and take all these mutated sources for himself.

But now, he was definitely not going to let Emperor Of Heaven easily pacify the rebellion. In fact, Gu Chensha might even seize this opportunity to suppress Emperor Of Heaven and the Heavenly Court.

As a matter of fact, if Gu Chensha were to go all out and activate the power of the Everlasting Realm and himself, there was an eighty percent chance that he could suppress the Emperor Of Heaven. However, in such a great battle, it was unknown how many living beings would perish and how many worlds would be completely destroyed. The Human World would definitely collapse and disintegrate. The last thing Gu Chensha wanted was for this to happen.

Another point was that if he and the Emperor Of Heaven fought, it was very likely that the entanglement between the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian would be triggered and collapse, and then a terrifying thing would be born.

After this terrifying thing was born, if it took advantage of the battle between Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven to attack, it was likely that even Gu Chensha would find it hard to continue and would die without a burial.

If Gu Chensha wanted to deal with this terrifying thing steadily, the best way was to make the Emperor Of Heaven surrender himself and completely rely on him. Then, the Dragonless Mantra would truly obtain the recognition of all living beings. He would manage the heaven and earth and become a Dragonless Sovereign. Then, he would comprehend the ninth level of the Immortal Realm, the Immortal Realm. At that time, he would be able to deal with that terrifying thing.

Finally, as long as he devoured and refined that terrifying thing, he would truly be able to establish an unprecedented Immortal Era and complete the final evolution of the Dragonless Mantra. He might even be able to make the Dragonless Mantra surpass the ninth level and reach the tenth level.

As for what the tenth level of the Dragonless Mantra was, Gu Chensha didn't know. He didn't even have a way to name it.

In the Heavenly Court, as the Human Realm was filled with flames of war, the Emperor Of Heaven also urgently called for a meeting. All the Gods of the Heavenly Court were present in the main hall. It was obvious that some of them were panicking, especially the Great Spirit God. His eyes were darting around, and no one knew what he was thinking.

"Your Majesty, this time, some of the people who obtained the variant Origin Sources led by Gu Daoxian have gone against the law and started a rebellion. This is simply unforgivable.

The urgent matter at hand is to immediately exterminate those people who obtained the variant Origin Sources. "

Zhang Ziran, the ruler of the Human Realm, was very anxious. The turmoil in the Human Realm was very damaging to him. He was also undergoing a kind of secret cultivation in an attempt to completely control the Human Realm. At that time, even the Emperor Of Heaven wouldn't be able to do anything to him.

"This time, all the people with variant Origin Sources have appeared and thrown the Human Realm into chaos. This is a predestined fate."

The Emperor Of Heaven was very calm. "This is also your chance. During the battle, you can devour those variant Origin Sources and improve your cultivation."

"Your Majesty, but we are far from being a match for those who obtained the variant Origin Sources." The Great Spirit God said.

"That's right."

The Dharma Saint glanced at the Great Spirit God. "Your Majesty, all of the experts in the Heavenly Court are currently unable to deal with those who obtained the variant Origin Sources. If these people join forces, only Your Majesty, the Emperor Of Heaven, can personally deal with these rebels." "Rest assured."

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "Naturally, We will personally take action and exterminate these rebels. What you need to do now is to stabilize the situation and offer sacrifices with all your heart. Pour all your sacrificial power into the Primordial Chaos Heaven List. Then, the Heavenly Court will obtain your sacrificial power and use it to create an immortal power to sweep through the Human Realm.

When the rebels are swept away, the Primordial Chaos Heaven List will show your merits. As long as the gods of the Heavenly Court are united, no one will be able to stop us.

Of course, if you all have ulterior motives, the Primordial Chaos Heaven List will also show you. At that time, We will use the might of thunder to exterminate you. This is a critical time. If you are still not sincere, We will not be able to keep you alive. " The Great Spirit God sweated profusely when he heard this, and he trembled with fear.

"Your Majesty, Yuan Gu, Pu Tuo, and Dou Sheng, as well as a hundred Celestial Longevity Realm figures, have already pledged their allegiance to our reform department," the Dharma Saint said.

"Very good. These three originally followed Gu Daoxian, and their crimes were unforgivable. But now, they have actually abandoned the darkness for the light," the Emperor Of Heaven said. "In that case, We will summon them."

As he spoke, the Emperor Of Heaven waved his hand. Instantly, Yuan Gu, Pu Tuo, and Dou Sheng appeared in the palace. They prostrated themselves on the ground. "These sinners kowtow in salute to Emperor Of Heaven."

"Rise. In the past, you were unwilling to pledge allegiance to the Heavenly Court. That was understandable, as you were afraid that there would be no place for you in the Heavenly Court. But now that you have seen that We have established a reform department, you have immediately come to pledge allegiance. That is understandable. Still, you have committed sins, so We will not reward you. You can return to the rule of the Heavenly Court of Reforms."

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "In this battle, if you are able to wholeheartedly contribute to the Heavenly Court, your path to ascension will be swift. We can guarantee that you will also obtain Everlasting." "Thank you, Your Majesty." Yuan Gu, Pu Tuo, and Dou Sheng repeatedly kowtowed.

"Then everyone, please take your places. Begin the sacrifices." The Emperor Of Heaven waved his hand.

"Yes. Your subjects obey Your Majesty. "

Immediately, all the subjects returned to their positions and began to pray with all their hearts. No one dared to play any tricks. Even the Great Spirit God could only force himself to wholeheartedly offer sacrifices to the Heavenly Court. He knew that if he did not wholeheartedly offer sacrifices, he would definitely be abolished by the Emperor Of Heaven, or even killed. His fate would be extremely miserable.

In an instant, the God World, Immortal World, Demon World, Yao World, and the stars of the Heavenly Court, as well as the many immortal officials and divine generals, all began to offer sacrifices. This was the Great Sacrifice of the Heavenly Court.

In the midst of the Great Sacrifice, an unparalleled power was immediately injected into the Primordius Heaven List above the Primordius Sky Pillar of the Heavenly Court. Rumble!

The Primordius Heaven List immediately began to shine brightly. Boundless radiance shot out, forming an enormous power that instantly spread throughout the mortal world. Crack! Crack!

The power of the mortal world surged violently. The power of the mortal world simply reached an extreme. The mortal world surged and the desires of lust overflowed.

All those who had cultivated to the 20th Transformation of the Dao Realm, 'Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence', were immediately contaminated by the power of the mortal world. All their magic power was stripped away and they fell into the cycle of reincarnation.

"The mortal world is boundless, the five skandhas are all bewildered. Where the mortal world goes, heaven and earth are invincible …" At this time, the Emperor Of Heaven's body suddenly moved. He actually entered the depths of the Primordius Heaven List.

The power of the Primordius Heaven List increased once more. It expanded outwards, covering almost every place in the mortal world. The sacrificial power extracted from it was not an immortal substance but was transformed into the power of the mortal world.

"Gu Chensha, your Dragonless Heart Sutra emphasizes that everyone's mind is free and free. If you comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra, then you don't even need anything to exist in order to live forever. But I do the exact opposite. Humans will never have freedom. They will always be supervised and bound. Only order and supervision can exist eternally. I have already comprehended the true secret technique that surpasses the Dragonless Heart Sutra."

The Emperor Of Heaven's will revolved the Primordius Heaven List. He didn't do anything, but the power of the mortal world had already increased by a thousand times. The desires of the mortal world had also increased by a thousand times.

"Not good …"

In many places in the mortal world, there were some hidden Empyreans, Heavenly Lifespan, and even Heavenly Primal powerhouses. They only felt the massive power of the mortal world invading them.

"Ahh!"

A Empyrean powerhouse had the appearance of a young man. But suddenly, filth appeared all over his body. It was indescribably smelly. His magic power was rapidly drained, and the various powers in his body collapsed. It was as if he was being corroded by an unstoppable power.

In just ten breaths of time, this Empyrean powerhouse's body festered. His magic power dissipated and merged with the mortal world. Then, a wisp of his true spirit entered the Underworld to receive punishment.

"We … we're also being corroded by the power of the mortal world. Why did the power of the mortal world become so strong in an instant?"

Ancestor Hongyun and the others were in extreme pain. Their bodies were covered in a lot of filth. They were still bitterly circulating the Dragonless Heart Sutra, but it was to no avail.

Only Hongling Sha's expression didn't change. She had also cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra to the extreme.

"It's not that the Dragonless Heart Sutra can't withstand it. It's just that your Dragonless Heart Sutra hasn't reached the level of self-sufficiency."

The Hongling Sand circulated its cultivation, instantly alleviating the pain of this group of people. "This is our chance. If the Emperor Of Heaven acts like this, I can attack Gu Daoxian. "