Chapter 93
==========

"I don't know what kind of egg this is. It has already turned into a fossil, but there is a huge amount of vitality within it. It should be the egg of some ancient divine beast."

Yi Ming actually did not recognize it, "But this thing can indeed suppress the eye of the array. Its effect is even better than the Glass Jade Skeleton that Master obtained last time."

Gu Chensha counted his gains. Other than the Dragon Transformation Liquid and the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, there were 480 Seven Sage Heart Refining Pills, 3000 Purple Blood Life Returning Pills, and 30,000 Clear Spirit Pills.

"If I convert them into money?"

He thought about it and shook his head, "These things can't be sold at all. Others don't have that much money."

For example, the Seven Sage Heart Refining Pill, it would be difficult to buy one with tens of millions.

Just based on his current savings, he was afraid that he had already surpassed some millennium aristocratic families. Whoosh! A blue bird flew down from the sky and dropped a letter.

"Blue Winged Sea Roc?"

Gu Chensha recognized that it was Long Yuyun's pet bird. He opened the letter and saw a map, marking the meeting place.

"Long Yuyun wants me to go to a barbarian tribe?" The meeting place marked on the map was a tribe on the way.

Immediately, Gu Chensha led the troops back. After four to five days of marching, a plain, lake, and grassland appeared in front of them. It was about a thousand miles in radius, suitable for survival. Usually, this kind of environment was suitable for barbarian tribes.

"Prepare for battle." The order was given, and everyone held their spears, ready to draw their blades at any time.

At this time, a few people flew over from afar. Gu Chensha's eyes were sharp, and he saw that it was Long Yuyun and Yu Han Lu. He immediately ordered people to put down the fire talisman spears and went forward, "Why are the two of you here? Didn't we say to meet near the temple? "

He was a little annoyed. According to the plan, everyone would gather outside the temple, and he would enter the temple to attract experts. Everyone would work together to kill them, and then change the direction of the battle. This way, he could assassinate the people in the temple, and at the same time, he could see the background of Long Yuyun and Yu Han Lu. Who knew that the two girls would not go, and this ruined his plan.

"Your Royal Highness, the vicinity of the Demonic Ape Temple is too dangerous. We thought about it and decided to take our time." Yu Han appeared embarrassed.

"It's dangerous, but I have a specific plan. You've caused me to march in the forest for almost a month in vain. How much time have I wasted?" Gu Chensha frowned.

"The Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple's experts are as numerous as the stars in the sky. You didn't scout out the details and just went in rashly. With just a few people, the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple can annihilate all of them.

If you want to court death, don't drag us down with you. "At this moment, a middle-aged man behind Yu Hanlu spoke.

The middle-aged man's skin was like jade, and his eyes shone with a threatening light. His entire body seemed to be in a trance, like a ghost or a god, as if he was in a different dimension from a human.

"Who are you?" Gu Chensha's eyes were sharp.

"Junior, could it be that you're still unconvinced?"

The middle-aged man laughed as he walked out, "You've probably never seen a true expert before, and think that everything under the heavens is under your control. Do you think you're like your father, Tian Fu?" "Uncle Ba, don't be rude to His Highness." Yu Hanlu hurriedly said.

"Seventh Niece, I heard that this person wanted to recruit our Precious Jade Nation, but now it seems like he's arrogant and conceited.

He's actually trying to strike a stone with an egg. Since that's the case, I'll teach him a lesson. I'll let him know what it means to overestimate one's capabilities. "

The middle-aged man called Uncle Ba suddenly stretched out his hand, piercing through the air as he grabbed at Gu Chensha. His speed was incomparably fast, and there was basically no time for Gu Chensha to react. However, just as he was about to grab Gu Chensha, a bright light burst out from beside Gu Chensha. With the Devil Subduing Blade in his hand, the Great Dragon Armor enveloped his body. Sun and Moon Annihilation!

The sun roamed the outer space, the bright moon balanced the yin and yang, the light dispelled the darkness, and the godforce destroyed all evil.

At this moment, Gu Chensha's cultivation base was boosted by the Great Dragon Armor's Sun and Moon Annihilation.

"Not good!"

Uncle Ba's killing intent was boundless, and a piercing light shone in front of him as the Devil Subduing Blade collided with him. Puchi! Several of his fingers were sliced off. He was scared out of his wits, and hastily retreated, opening his mouth to spit out blood. Peng!

He spat out a ball of Xiantian Earth Energy to try to block Gu Chensha. This person was actually a Dao Realm Transformation Cultivator.

But when the Xiantian Earth Energy touched the Sun and Moon Annihilation, it exploded and shattered. The remaining energy struck the Great Dragon Armor but was unable to break through its defense.

Be it the Devil Subduing Blade or the Great Dragon Armor, they had both been enhanced by the Sky Dew and Dragon Transformation Liquid, so they could slice through the bodies of experts below the Glass Body Jade Body.

"A few fingers is a warning." Gu Chensha didn't chase, "Next time, don't fight in front of me."

Jade Frost Dew and Long Yuyun were shocked. The few experts behind them were speechless. They didn't expect that Baoyu Country Prince Yu Ba would actually lose in one move.

"How is his armor so strong!" Three Incenses couldn't see through Gu Chensha anymore.

"Junior, you actually used your weapon and armor to injure me." While retreating, Yu Ba pointed forwards. Pu la! Another wave of Xiantian Earth Energy struck.

However, a shadow appeared behind Gu Chensha. With a slap, the shadow dissipated the finger force of the Innate Gang Qi. Then, the shadow closed in on Yu Ba and thrust out a palm force. Peng! Yu Ba flew into the air and smashed into the ground. He spat out fresh blood and fainted. Yi Ming had attacked.

He didn't want to expose Yi Ming, but it seemed like Baoyu Country didn't care about him at all. If he didn't show his strength, it would be tough for them to work with him in the future, much less recruit him.

"Dao Realm Transformation Seven!" The Baoyu Country experts all retreated.

Yi Ming retreated behind Gu Chensha, "Master, I used Earth Energy to seal a few of his acupoints. If you don't like him, I can let it explode in his body."

"No need. Although he is suspicious of trying to assassinate me, he isn't from the evil barbarian race. Just teach him a lesson and give Lady Hanlu face." Gu Chensha waved his hands.

Yi Ming waved his hands and a few balls of Earth Energy flew out from Yu Ba's body. Yu Ba slowly woke up.

"I didn't expect King to have such an expert under him."

The Frosty Jade Dew and Long Yuyun both calmed themselves down and told the experts behind them not to act rashly. They had a new understanding of Gu Chensha. "Your Highness, we didn't follow your orders this time and broke the agreement, but we have a great gift for you." "What gift?"

Gu Chensha's expression calmed down and he wasn't really angry, "There is no need for the two of you to panic. We are friends, so don't worry about such a small matter." "We have taken down this barbarian race tribe in your name."

Long Yuyun hurriedly said, "There are over a hundred thousand people in this Barbarian tribe. After we conquer it, we'll fortify the fortress and enslave all of these Barbarians. From now on, we'll help you guard this place and expand your territory." "Oh?"

Gu Chensha looked into the distance and saw many barbarian slaves under the guard of a group of soldiers. They were carrying stones, chopping wood, and building fortresses. Gu Chensha was delighted. His plan to deal with the Demonic Ape Temple of Confusion had failed, so he had to take the old road of expanding his territory. Now that Long Yuyun and the Cold Jade Dew had offered him such a big gift, he would gladly accept it.

Taking down this barbarian race tribe and expanding their territory would be an explanation to the Imperial Court.

"We don't need to talk here. Let's go to the castle." Gu Chensha waved his hand. Then, everyone went to the barbarian castle.

At the highest point of the castle, Gu Chensha was alone with Long Yuyun and Hanlu. Everyone else retreated.

"Lady Hanlu, I have been extremely benevolent to you. What you did was not right. Today, Yu Ba deliberately provoked me. Was he trying to test my strength?"

Gu Chensha did not beat around the bush and said, "We cooperated and were honest. First, you did not abide by the agreement, and then you played dirty tricks. What is your intention?"

"I was in the wrong in this matter, but it wasn't my intention either. Yu Ba is my father's younger brother, and is also my uncle. In the imperial court, he is also a person with great power. This time, he insisted on being in the front, and actually attacked you. His cultivation is extremely high, and even I couldn't stop him." Yu Hanlu hurriedly explained.

"I hope such a thing will not happen again."

Gu Chensha waved his hand and said, "You did not follow the agreement and went to the Demonic Ape Temple. I will not blame you. But you must help me with everything you have."

"Of course. I have already sent people to give you the list of barbarian slaves. I will let your five subordinates take over. At the same time, I will give them men to lead." Hanlu said, "As for Yu Ba, I don't think he will provoke us anymore." "Very good."

Gu Chensha turned to Long Yuyun, and said, "Go and fetch my adopted son from the manor in the capital city. There's nothing left to run the manor in the capital city, so this is going to be my fief from now on. I need reliable people to manage it, and I'll expand it step by step." "I will find someone to do it."

Long Yuyun nodded and said, "Other than that, I will spend a lot of money to hire people from the Lu Family to come here. Everyone in their family is skilled in construction. The barbarian city is very simple. It is not possible to make this your territory." "That's right."

Gu Chensha looked at the outside of the castle. It was indeed simple. It was made of wood and stone. It gave off a sense of barbarism. As a stable territory, it was far from enough.

If it was a pass like the Sky Bearing Pass, it would be extremely stable. Even Xiantian Qi might not be able to break through it. There were cannons, crossbows, guns, and arrows. Even experts would be at a disadvantage, not to mention the barbarian army.

Moreover, after this place was expanded, adventurers and Jianghu people would come to this place continuously. The power would snowball.

"In terms of internal affairs, both of you are more experienced than me. I can totally entrust it to you." Gu Chensha nodded.

"If that is the case, let us go and make arrangements." Hanlu stood up and walked out with Long Yuyun. After a while, Liu Yu and the others came in to report the situation.

"The five of you, swallow these pills." Gu Chensha took out five Seven Sage Cultivation Pills.

The five of them did not know what the pills were. They did not hesitate and swallowed them all. Immediately, they looked like they were deep in thought. Buzz …