Chapter 76
==========

"Although what you're doing isn't appropriate, you're doing it out of kindness and thinking for the court.

The most important thing is to confiscate the Jade Blood Jade Pill from Frost Jade Dew. Otherwise, you'll be caught. Then, Boss and Tenth will use the Imperial Censor to accuse you of taking bribes and pleading for the enemy. You'll be suspected of colluding with the enemy.

Do you know that Frost Jade Dew praised Tenth for your noble character and unquestionable integrity? You've told her all your secrets.

She's very scheming and you need to be careful of her. Also, Dragon Sword Island's Long Yuyun has joined you, right? "

Lou Baiyue seemed to know all his secrets. "Right now, your residence in the capital is filled with her people. You need to be careful. If you don't have reliable people, I can give you a few death warriors." "These people's intelligence is really everywhere."

Gu Chensha wasn't surprised. The princes had many spies and it was very difficult to hide from them. "Luckily, they don't know my big secret, like Yiming and the Sun Moon Altar."

Of course, he wouldn't tell Lou Baiyue everything and didn't dare to ask for Lou Baiyue's people. "I'm training my own people. I'll bring them with me and take it slow."

"I know you have the Tiger Wolf Pill and it can train experts quickly. How many do you have left?" This was what Lou Baiyue really wanted to ask.

"Do you want them?"

Gu Chensha obviously heard what she was implying. "I have dozens. What do you want to exchange for them?" "There are actually dozens of them?"

Lou Baiyue was delighted. "If I want all of them and you don't want to give them to me, then I'll ask for 20. I'll use the Heavenly Dew to exchange. How about that?" "I don't want the Heavenly Dew."

Gu Chensha had close to 700 drops of Heavenly Dew. He didn't lack it for now. In the future, when he fought the barbarians, there would be many more Heavenly Dew.

"Then what do you want?"

Lou Baiyue frowned. "The Heavenly Dew is the best treasure. It can be used for anything, especially if you use it. Not only can it make up for your previous losses, but it can also establish your Dao Foundation. It'll be easier for you to step into the Dao Realm." "Forget it, I don't lack anything right now. Since you want it, I'll give it to you."

Gu Chensha took out a bottle gourd from his backpack and said, "There are twenty of them in here. I'm giving them to you." "Really?"

Lou Baiyue, who was shrewd, was almost stunned. She had completely miscalculated, but she did not expect Gu Chensha to be so generous. The power of the Tiger Wolf Dan was secondary, the most important thing was to make people have a tenacious character and dignity, which was something that no alchemist could achieve. Many elixirs could also directly upgrade people who did not know martial arts to the strength of a martial arts master, but without that kind of character, they were still trash.

The disciples of great aristocratic families did not lack medicinal pills, but they lacked the ferocity of wolves and tigers.

"Have I ever lied?"

Gu Chensha smiled. "Father wants us to cooperate sincerely. The most important thing now is to kill the barbarians and eliminate the hidden dangers at the borders. We need to destroy the Evil God's temple so that the Evil God will lose his faith and support. If you need the Tiger-Wolf Pill, I will naturally give it to you. "

"Alright, I'll accept it. Don't be sad." Lou Baiyue turned her hand slightly and took the bottle gourd of Tiger-Wolf Pills.

Gu Chensha would not feel sad. There were many ferocious tigers and wolves in the Barbarian Land that ate people in groups. When the time came, he could sacrifice a lot of Tiger-Wolf Pills, so what was a mere twenty? Moreover, he knew that Lou Baiyue was arrogant and would definitely not ask for things for free.

"Princess, if there is nothing else, I will return to the team first."

Gu Chensha cupped his hands. Originally, according to etiquette, his status was more distinguished than Lou Baiyue's, but Lou Baiyue temporarily held the token of "As the Emperor Attends". Her status was so high that even the princes were one level lower.

"Thank you for the gift." Lou Baiyue did not express anything. Gu Chensha did not care and returned to his team.

"Princess, are you going to accept his Tiger-Wolf Pill just like that?"

Miao Xiang, who was wearing the Horned Dragon Armor, came over and whispered, "No one can refine the Tiger-Wolf Pill. It is an ancient item. I'm afraid it will be difficult to buy even with a price of 100,000. If the rich and powerful want it, they can even raise it for hundreds of thousands." "He has some tricks up his sleeve."

Lou Baiyue smiled. "He has figured out my personality and knows that I will not accept it for free. He is just pretending to be generous. If he tries to bargain with me, it will seem a bit low. If he gives it to me directly, I will naturally be too embarrassed to give him something inferior. This way, he will be at an advantage.

But I will accept it and not give him a gift in return. I will play a little trick on him and see how his heart hurts. " "Master, are you really going to give this pill to her?" Yi Ming also asked quietly.

"It doesn't matter. This pill is not precious to me. She will definitely give me a gift in return. Even if she doesn't give me a gift in return, I will owe her a favor." Gu Chensha really did not feel any pain. He had only killed a few tigers and wolves. What was there to feel pain about?

Along the way, Lou Baiyue did not mention this matter. It seemed that she had accepted it, but she was secretly observing Gu Chensha. She found that this person was silently rushing along, meditating on martial arts, and his mind was wandering. He really did not care about the 20 Tiger-Wolf Pills. She could not help but frown. The army marched rapidly for two days and two nights. The rain did not stop.

Gu Chensha and his subordinates were fine. The Horned Dragon Armor on their bodies was like a protective shield. The rain could not penetrate them at all. They were dry. However, the soldiers under the Tenth Prince and the Third Prince's subordinates were already drenched. They trudged with difficulty in the bitter rain. Although their martial arts were high and the lowest rank was a Martial Warrior, their physical strength was also seriously weakened.

Martial Warriors, Martial Masters, and even Martial Arts Grandmasters were easily affected by illness. Many Martial Arts Grandmasters in the Jianghu died of illness. Old injuries acted up, and they fell sick from old age.

Only by stepping into the Tao Realm and absorbing Spiritual Qi could one cleanse the filthy flesh and blood. Even the War Python Armor could not withstand the cold of the rain. The Tenth Prince gritted his teeth in hatred, but he did not flare up.

On the other hand, the Third Prince looked calm. He had long been used to it. Although his subordinates were also drenched, their mental and physical strength were at their peak. They had a unique method. It was no wonder that they had been training outside the pass for years.

"We have arrived at the Great Stone Wall …"

As they walked, an endless greenish-gray mountain suddenly appeared in the distance. It was like a fence at the end of the sky.

Looking closely, the mountain was a city wall. It was as tall as the clouds. People below the city wall were like ants in front of an elephant. This was no longer a city wall. It was a miracle.

"Oh my god."

This was the first time Gu Chensha saw the Great Stone Wall. He almost knelt on the ground and worshipped it. He had seen many city walls and huge buildings. He had also read about the Great Stone Wall in ancient books. However, he still could not believe it when he saw it with his own eyes.

This was no longer a city wall. They had moved the mountain over and shaved it into the shape of a city wall.

Looking at the city wall, Gu Chensha felt like he had come to a country of giants. Everything was so small.

To build such a wall in ten years and keep countless barbarian tribes out of the country, it was not the power of humans. It was the gods moving the mountain.

"Every time I see the Great Stone Wall, I feel like the barbarian race can't win against such a strong dynasty. Any commoner who comes here will worship the Heavenly Talisman Emperor."

Yi Ming sighed, "Even many of our barbarian tribes lose confidence when they see this wall. They feel like the Yongchō is a country protected by the heavens."

Gu Chensha looked at the Great Stone Wall greedily. He also saw many commoners, scholars, and people of the pugilistic world. Some of them were here for the first time. They all knelt down and worshipped it.

Every year, countless people came to visit the Great Stone Wall. Anyone who saw it would be confident and think that the Imperial Court was invincible. Gu Chensha thought that the records were exaggerated, but now, even he was shocked.

When he saw the Great Stone Wall, he felt like the Dao Realm, the nine bulls and two tigers, even the Qi Refining to Astral Energy, the Glass Jade Body, they were all dust. Since ancient times, the achievements of the Emperors and Generals were like smoke compared to this.

Even if one cultivated the Dao Realm Glass Jade Body, trying to build this Great Stone Wall was like an ant trying to shake a tree.

"Heaven Bearing Pass is in front. Let's enter and we will be able to meet up." Lou Baiyue waved her whip and pointed.

Although Heaven Bearing Pass was a pass, it was more like a giant fortress. It was a gate built beneath the Great Stone Wall. There were many layers of forts that intersected with one another. There were cannons, crossbows, and all sorts of terrifying killing weapons.

The commerce here was ten times more flourishing than the bazaar at the relay station two days ago. All sorts of skyscrapers had been built around the Great Wall in an orderly fashion. Caravans carrying goods flowed in and out of the city day and night. There were also caravans that came from outside the pass. Some caravans returned from a fruitful journey, their faces filled with joy. Some caravans were covered in blood and groaning incessantly. There were even caravans that carried corpses and wailed. They had lost their lives after leaving the pass to mine for gold and treasures. They had either been killed by the barbarians, devoured by wild beasts, or bitten to death by poisonous insects.

"There are actually many Dao Realm experts here …" Gu Chensha was really sharp and sensed that there were many experts here.

"Of course, there are many hidden experts among the people. They aren't willing to work for the Imperial Court and are restricted. They like to be free." Yi Ming said, "There are even some evil people who work with the Barbarian Race and join us.

Now that the Great Yong Race and the Barbarian Race are about to go to war, many experts will come here to fish in troubled waters. They will also go to the market to buy and sell the Barbarian Race's medicinal herbs and treasures. "

Gu Chensha thought about it and agreed. If he cultivated to the Dao Realm among the people, he would not need to eat the food of the mortal world. He would also be free and unfettered by the Imperial Court.

Although all lands under the heavens belonged to the Imperial Court, the Land of Infinity was too big. The Great Yongchō unifying the Hundred Kingdoms was just a drop in the ocean.

In the territories outside the Great Yongchō, there were many immortal sects that had been passed down since ancient times. Some of them would come to the 'mortal world' every few decades or even centuries to choose disciples. These were not things that the Imperial Court could manage.

The main road was already under martial law. The Governor of Heaven Bearing Pass was also there to receive them. Many generals and officials were already waiting. The soldiers stretched for dozens of miles, and the army looked majestic.

"Nineteenth Lord, please receive the decree."

There was actually a eunuch standing beside the Governor of Heaven Bearing Pass. When he saw the procession, he spoke.