Chapter 934
===========

Remember in One Second [Pen? Writing ☆ Learning This is a wonderful free reading without a pop-up window! Chapter 931: Karma of Heavenly Pillar

Heavenly Lord Chaos, Heavenly Lord Daluo, Heavenly Lord Dong Hua, Heavenly Lord Wisdom, The Great Spirit God, God Maha, Demonic Deity Ape, Dharma Saint, Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, Wan Senshi, Primitive Old Man, the three Heavenly Masters, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, and the others gathered together and formed a strange formation.

The formation solidified into a disc, blocking Zhuge Ya's might and preventing him from absorbing other reincarnated stars. Otherwise, if Zhuge Ya continued to absorb like this, he might really become the lord of all stars, and the Celestial Court's plan would fail miserably.

Right now, Zhuge Ya had already absorbed 108 stars and was able to circulate them perfectly. His strength had increased tremendously, and he would be of great help to the imperial court in fending off foreign enemies.

What was even more incredible was that Zhuge Ya seemed to have comprehended the deepest secrets of the stars. As long as he made a move, any Star Venerate reincarnated from the stars would not be able to last even one round against him. It would be as easy as chopping vegetables. Because Zhuge Ya was now the Lord of the Stars, the King of the Stars.

"You want to stop me?"

Zhuge Ya looked at these people, then glared at the Dharma Saint, "Dharma Saint, why are you doing this? If you had followed the Imperial Court, things wouldn't have turned out like this."

"Zhuge Ya, I didn't think that you would still have some luck. Not even that Xu Ziyu could do anything to you. Xu Ziyu was the number one aristocrat clan for many years. Unfortunately, his cultivation base was destroyed in one day and he no longer has any more chances."

The Dharma Saint looked at Zhuge Ya and said, "I am particular about the law. The law is number one. The future is the law. The Emperor Of Heaven is the law.

If I follow the Emperor Of Heaven, I can make the laws of the heaven, the human world, and the underworld. But if I follow you, if what you said is true, if everyone can survive and cultivate without relying on anything from the outside world, and everyone is independent and free, then what would be the use of laws? How am I going to live without the law? "

"Dharma Saint, it seems you've thought things through very clearly. You're the one with the strongest willpower" Zhuge Ya sighed: "But since you've chosen this path, you're destined to meet a tragedy" "Is that so? We'll have to try to find out. "

The Dharma Saint retreated into the formation. With his current strength, he was naturally not a match for Zhuge Ya. But if these people formed a formation, they would be able to fight against Zhuge Ya, and even kill him. The formation operated fiercely, suppressing Zhuge Ya.

"Zhuge Ya fought back, but it didn't help in the end."

Long Xiangtian observed the situation and found that he still had the upper hand. He looked at Lou Baiyue and said, "Lou Baiyue, you won't be able to hold on for long. We're suppressing everything. Gu Chensha didn't do anything because he felt the threat of the Emperor Of Heaven. Now, the Lord of the Immortal Realm should appear." Sob sob sob sob … The sound of ghosts crying and gods howling could be heard. Then, a figure appeared next to Duan Xiaoxian.

The figure was a young man. He seemed to be only fifteen or sixteen years old, just like Gu Chensha who had just made his debut in the fourteenth year of the Heavenly Talisman. Now, it was the fortieth year of the Heavenly Talisman. It had been four years since the turmoil in the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman.

The young man was brimming with immortal qi, and wore a long purple robe. His smile was like a spring breeze as he flew toward Duan Xiaoxian. With a slight movement, Duan Xiaoxian's body seemed to solidify, and the Immortal World Seed behind him suddenly expanded and swallowed him up. Duan Xiaoxian was swallowed alive before he could even scream. Then, everything he had fell into the hands of the young man.

"The Lord of the Immortal Realm has finally appeared. Duan Xiaoxian has controlled the Seed of the Immortal World all these years. Even though he is the second greatest clan in the Immortal World, he has only done it for someone else." Many people sighed when they saw the scene.

Until now, the first and second greatest clans in the Yongchō over the past ten years, the Xu Clan and the Duan Clan, had been demoted to an ordinary person, and the other had been killed.

Although Nangong Xun's Nangong Clan was not the third greatest clan, if the Primordial Sky Pillar was taken into account, it could have been the first greatest clan. However, when the Primordial Sky Pillar appeared, it shattered Nangong Xun and absorbed him.

Originally, the three great clans had planned for Gu Chensha, the Imperial Court, and the Heavenly Emperor to mutually injure each other so that they could reap the benefits. However, they were instantly annihilated. Although the people of the Xu Clan, Duan Clan, and Nangong Clan were still alive, the deaths of these three key figures meant that the collapse of the three great clans was only a matter of time.

"Hmm? That young man is Jiang Chuan of our Dragonless Cabinet. "

"I can't believe it's him. He's been working diligently in the Dragonless Cabinet. He's done a good job, and has had many fortuitous encounters. I can't believe he and Zhang Ziran betrayed the Imperial Court."

Many of the officials recognized the young man. His name was Jiang Chuan, and he was a young genius. He was one of the most outstanding people in the Dragonless Cabinet. Unfortunately for him, he was the Lord of the Immortal Realm.

As soon as he acquired the Seed of the Immortal World, his aura began to rise. All of the Essence, Energy, Spirit, and Cultivation Base of Duan Xiaoxian, the leader of the second greatest clan, was fused into his body.

"All Things in the Immortal Realm, Gather the Immortals!"

Jiang Chuan, who was only 14 or 15 years old, looked very mature. He operated the Seed of the Immortal World slightly, and his whole body emitted killing intent. "All realms gather. The Human Realm, the Immortal Realm, the Demon Realm, the Demon Realm, and the God Realm. Operate together to welcome the return of the Heavenly Court!"

In a flash, the Human Realm in Zhang Ziran's hand, the Immortal Realm in Jiang Chuan's hand, the Demon Realm in God Maha's hand, the Demon Realm in God Ape's hand, and the God Realm in The Great Spirit God's hand all emerged and formed a whole. They were connected, and their power ran with each other. Human, Immortal, God, Demon, and Demon. The Five Realms operated, and the Five Realms were connected, growing and multiplying without end.

The power of the Five Realms gathered on the Sky Pillar of Chaos in a flash, and the power of the entire Sky Pillar suddenly increased by dozens of times. Crack! The Sky Pillar of Chaos fell with all its might, and was about to smash into the Endless Sea of Sin.

Lou Baiyue seemed to be unable to hold on any longer, because she had to bear too much power. The Five Realms united, the Earthly Sovereign's Underworld, Long Xiangtian, Liu Chansha, and Wu Dangkong were all working together, and the power of the Sky Pillar of Chaos was suppressing her. The golden light she had summoned suddenly dimmed.

"Lou Baiyue, you don't need to hold on anymore." Wu Dangkong grinned. "Just give me your Queen of Heaven's Essence."

As she spoke, she suddenly reached out and pierced through the light of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor to attack Lou Baiyue's real body.

"Gu Taxian, you can't play tricks anymore. You've used up too much power. Of course, I have to admit that you're invincible. You actually managed to injure the Heavenly Dao and cause both of you to be defeated."

Wu Dangkong pierced through Lou Baiyue's defensive halo, and the light of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor couldn't stop her.

Her hand took on the shape of a claw, and she reached into Lou Baiyue's body to grab the Queen of Heaven's Essence.

When Lou Baiyue saw Wu Dangkong's attack, a mocking smile appeared on her face. "Wu Dangkong, you're always so arrogant and conceited. Do you really think that you can deal with me just by being a concubine?

I've already refined the Queen of Heaven's Essence. Even if I give it to you, you won't be able to take it away. We've won today. If the Emperor Of Heaven doesn't show up, he'll just watch you die. " RUMBLE!

An even stronger aura gushed out from Lou Baiyue's body, and the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's shadow behind her suddenly transformed into the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

The Dragonless Heart Sutra wriggled and spat, and a surge of aura emerged. This aura wasn't spirit qi, nor was it immortal qi, nor was it chaos elemental energy. In fact, it wasn't even the power of the sacrificial ritual. It was the immortality that Lou Baiyue had developed from the depths of her heart.

The Dragonless Heart Sutra appeared, and the immortality that transcended the world appeared. Like an ice mountain, it instantly froze all of Wu Dangkong's attacks.

"Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity, what are you waiting for if you don't obtain the Chaotic Heavenly Pillar?" After freezing Wu Dangkong's attacks, Lou Baiyue's voice rang out.

The Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity, who was originally driving the operation of the Demon Realm, suddenly roared. The wind and clouds surged, and the sky and earth changed color.

The Dragonless Heart Sutra also appeared on his body, and a picture appeared in the Dragonless Heart Sutra. In the future, the Heavenly Court stood high in the sky, and the Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity sneaked into the center of the Heavenly Palace, stroking the huge Chaotic Heavenly Pillar. This was the process of the future Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity stealing the Chaotic Heavenly Pillar.

The Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity, who was stroking the Chaotic Heavenly Pillar, chanted some incantation, and made some promise to the Chaotic Heavenly Pillar. Suddenly, the Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity began to shrink, and finally shrank into the size of a needle, and entered the Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity's ear.

The Heavenly Court, which had lost the Chaotic Heavenly Pillar, immediately experienced a huge shock. The officials of the Heavenly Court were in a panic. Taking advantage of this panic, the Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity sneaked out of the Heavenly Court and went to the Mortal World. This was karma.

In the future, the Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity was destined to obtain the Chaotic Heavenly Pillar. In other words, in any case, the Chaotic Heavenly Pillar and the Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity were destined to be together.

Now, Gu Chensha imparted the Dragonless Heart Sutra to the Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity, so that the Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity could activate this karma in advance. Buzz …

The Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity flew to the front of the Chaotic Heavenly Pillar. Like the future, he chanted some incantation, and suddenly the Chaotic Heavenly Pillar began to shrink.

This was the power of karma in the future. Even the Emperor Of Heaven could not stop it. Gu Chensha had planned this. Now, he did not appear at all. He wanted the Chaotic Demonic Ape Deity to take away the Chaotic Heavenly Pillar. As long as this pillar was taken away, the Heavenly Court could not be formed, and the Divine Land and the Four Wilds would be completely safe.