Chapter 664
===========

For the Sky Demons, the loss of three god-rank experts and the supreme treasure, the Tathagata Kasaya, was unbearable.

In particular, the Tathagata Kasaya was even stronger than the Divine Prefecture's Armor of Innumerable Fiends. Once Qin Han wore it, ordinary experts of the demon race could do nothing to him. This would allow the Buddhist sect to unleash its greatest power.

Moreover, the Tathagata Kasaya's purifying abilities would be greatly enhanced. Even god-rank experts could be purified if they were not careful.

"Yi Guang, Yi Dark, and Yi Hun have been purified. This way, I can even help the Human Dragon Guild refine the Minute Dust World into a Minor Thousand World."

Gu Chensha calculated. "The Minor Divine Province has cultivated a Minor Thousand World over the sea and can completely stop the Great Wei Dynasty's attacks. We can even counterattack. Once more experts have gathered in the Minor Divine Province, we can attack the Great Wei Dynasty instead!

After occupying the entire Great Wei Dynasty, we can attack and retreat as we please. Not only will our fortunes increase greatly, we can also spread our civilization and create a golden age that has never been seen before. "

Since ancient times, the imperial court had always been trapped in the Divine Prefecture. From time to time, it would be attacked by the demons, plundered by the barbarians, attacked by the pirates of many countries at sea, and invaded by the natives of the desert. In addition, the sects of the Eastern Wilderness would occasionally come to the Divine Prefecture to recruit talents.

In this way, the imperial court of the Divine Prefecture lacked talents and resources. It had enemies on all sides and was divided for generations. The people's minds were even enslaved by the many gods. The suffering of the people of the Divine Prefecture was unimaginable.

Ever since the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had appeared, the demons had been suppressed, the gods had been sealed, the barbarians had been exterminated, the immortal dao had been suppressed, and the overseas territories had been attacked. In the ten years since the Celestial Calmness Department had taken over, they had already taken over much of the Savage Continent. Many overseas countries had been incorporated into the imperial court's domain, and the Eastern Wilderness had even begun to collect taxes from the immortal dao. In this way, the Empire's prosperity was naturally unprecedented.

It hadn't been easy for Gu Chensha to build the Empire to its current state and alleviate the suffering of the people. There was no way he would allow the people of the Divine Prefecture to return to their previous state.

Gu Chensha had his own plans. He was making all sorts of arrangements, spreading civilization from the sea to the surrounding areas and increasing the quality of the people.

"Go. Now, the three of you can completely assist the Human-Dragon Union." Gu Chensha moved slightly and sent Yi Guang, Yi Dark, and Yi Hun back to Sin Province.

Now that the three of them had truly become Zen Masters, there would be no problem in assisting the Human-Dragon League.

Gu Chensha's real body didn't need to go down anymore. His doppelganger started to communicate with Qin Han. It wouldn't be a problem for him to completely control the Human-Dragon Society.

The estrangement between the Human Dragon League and the Tranquil Immortal Department had been completely eliminated. Now, it was purely a cooperation. They would integrate the Buddhist civilization into the civilization of the Divine Central Continent, and they would complement each other.

"The hidden dangers of the Human Dragon Guild have been completely eliminated. We will now increase our support and let the Human Dragon Guild cultivate into a Minor Chiliocosm."

Gu Chensha's true body sat down in the dimensional realm and discussed with Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, Ji Qingwu, and Tai Xuan.

"It won't be easy for the Human Dragon Guild to cultivate a Minor Chiliocosm," Tai Xuan said. "But if we fully support it, it's not impossible.

With our current strength, after we help the Human Dragon Guild create a Minor Chiliocosm, we can completely communicate with the power of the Paramita Golden Mountain. That way, we will have the support of two dimensional realms. At this level, besides high-end combat power, our accumulation will be comparable to that of the three great Celestial Masters. "

"That's right. The main thing is the Paramita Golden Mountain. We need to fully develop it and guide it into our alliance. That way, we will be stable. No matter how the world changes, no matter how fierce the demons are, we will not be shaken. Although the All Dharma Realms that the Dharma Saint has just formed are also dimensional realms, compared to the Paramita Golden Mountain, they are far inferior. They are like comparing a strong baby."

Wen Hong said, "As long as we gather enough faith for the Human Dragon League and activate the Paramita Golden Mountain, this mountain will naturally gather in our alliance. This time, my cultivation has received great benefits. I've obtained all the civilization inheritances of the Buddhist Sect, allowing me to have sufficient resources."

Wen Hong's cultivation speed was extremely fast, especially after he obtained the Endless Cauldron. 10,000 types of laws and all sorts of mysteries were growing endlessly within the cauldron. He also borrowed the power of the dimensional world to nurture his cultivation base. Right now, he had reached the 34th transformation of the Dao Realm, Controlling Destiny.

If nothing unexpected happened, then he would be able to quickly cultivate to the 35th transformation, Chaos Dust, and the 36th transformation, Embodiment Transformation.

Normally speaking, after reaching the 30th Transformation, one's realm improvement would be really slow. Some God Realm experts might not be able to improve in their entire lives.

But Wen Hong was different. His luck was so thick that it was unrivalled. Along with the fact that he had made the right choice and obtained many secrets of the Celestial Tranquility Department, just the memories of the Dharma Saint alone was enough to allow him to advance forward without any difficulties on his path of cultivation.

Moreover, he also had Chang Yuzhou's memories, as well as the various unique techniques of the Xing Qiong Clan. Now, he had obtained the vast civilization and cultivation history of countless giants of the Buddhist Sect.

With such a huge amount of resources, many experts working together to deduce and verify with Zhuge Ya and the others, his cultivation speed naturally surpassed many miracles that had happened since ancient times. Zhuge Ya's cultivation had also reached the Dao Realm 31 Transformation, Creation from Void.

Apart from that, the ones who improved the most were the four saint beasts — Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise.

The four saint beast babies had been cultivating non-stop, absorbing the energy of the dimensional realm to cleanse their bodies. Apart from that, they had also used their clones to travel around and had actually obtained many fortuitous encounters.

This was especially so for the Black Tortoise baby. Its cultivation had already reached the 29 Transformation, Comprehending Chaos, and it would step into the Divine level at any time.

When all four of the saint beasts had successfully cultivated and stepped into the Divine level, the situation would be different.

"From now on, our cultivation has already entered a normalized state. As long as we have time, everyone will improve rapidly."

When Zhuge Ya saw that Gu Chensha had sat down, he knew that he was going to talk about something important. He nodded and said, "From now on, the most important thing for us to do is to decide on a plan of operation. The world is so big, and the way to govern a country is always changing. It's much more complicated than cultivation."

"My plan is to split it into a few steps. The Great Wei Dynasty's Heavenly Yellow Dragon Emperor's aura has already weakened. Back then, we were very wary of this person, but now, we can easily suppress him!"

Gu Chensha said, "First, we'll swallow up the entire Great Wei Dynasty and use it as our base. This way, even if the Divine Land falls, the commoners will be able to move over. We'll have an additional strategic buffer.

"Moreover, the population of the Great Wei Dynasty is in the tens of billions. If we swallow it up and operate it, the power of wishes that will erupt will be a great nourishment for us. Our medium-class world and the World Tree's production capacity will be greatly increased. "

"This is also an urgent matter. According to Bao Ming 'er's information, the population of the Great Wei Dynasty has already reached more than 50 billion. Its territory is vast, far above the Divine Land.

This is because the Heavenly Yellow Dragon Emperor is also good at governing a country. He has good management skills and good luck. "

Zhuge Ya said, "Just three days ago, we also did some calculations. Right now, the population of our Yongchō is already more than 20 billion. Of course, these people were not born, but merged from the Immortal Dao Mystic Sects.

After Jin Suibo became a Natural Born Saint, he gathered many Immortal Dao Mystic Sects, and some of them controlled small countries in the Eastern Wilderness.

Other than that, the population of the Sky Dance Mystic Sect, the Universe Mystic Sect, and the Taiyi Mystic Sect has also been merged into our Yongchō. These people are prepared to be released gradually to develop in the Wilderness. "

"The population of the Sky Dance Mystic Sect, the Universe Mystic Sect, and the Taiyi Mystic Sect has also been merged into our Yongchō?

That's not bad. We will govern the country. This way, we can release the power of the Lesser Chiliocosm. "

Gu Chensha knew. "If a large number of people were in the Lesser Chiliocosm, the entire world would have to divide up a lot of nutrients to feed these people. Now that we have placed these people in the Land of Infinity and let the Land of Infinity feed them, we just need to obtain the power of wishes. This way, these people will obtain a vast world of freedom. " "Exactly."

Wen Hong said, "With such a large population, it will be a huge test of governing a country. Even I have to help." "With Uncle Wen's help, we will definitely be able to operate the universe with ease."

Gu Chensha was overjoyed. "Killing the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor and taking control of the Great Wei Dynasty is just a part of the operation. The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor alone is no match for us, but we have two big enemies. The first is Wan Senshi, and the second is the Dharma Saint.

It is almost impossible to destroy these two, so we still need to increase our own strength. I know from Dou Yi Yu that the True God position of the Gods of Five Seasons is in the hands of Xing Qiong Shi. If we can obtain it, the five reincarnations of the Gods of Five Seasons, Liu Yu and the others, will become thousands of times stronger. Moreover, the True God position is very useful for faith. "

"Xing Qiong Shi is not easy to deal with either, but he has been reborn. He has no foundation and has not cultivated a Medium Chiliocosm, so he is a little easier than the Dharma Saint."

Tai Xuan said, "However, we still do not have the ability to kill him. Unless Chang Weiyang defeats Dou Yi Yu and ascends to the Heavenly Lord Realm, we will have a chance." "I have the same thought as well."

Gu Chensha looked into the void. "I will wait for this matter to end. If Sect Leader Wei Yang wins and ascends to the Heavenly Lord Realm, many of our plans can be carried out. If the worst case scenario is that she loses and dies, we have to prepare for a huge commotion."