Chapter 310
===========

These seven or eight goat-headed fiends had vigorous blood essence and powerful souls. Each of them was equivalent to the third level of the mortal realm, martial arts masters.

Fiends were also intelligent creatures, but they were bloodthirsty and murderous. The demonic qi on their bodies corroded their brains, causing them to be rather chaotic. Rumor had it that they were a type of low-level fiend in hell.

Hell was a general term for the dimensions filled with demonic qi. The creatures inside would be corroded by demonic qi and grow into ugly and brutal fiends that loved to destroy everything.

Sometimes, due to some special changes in heaven and earth, a passage would appear between these dimensions and the main dimension of the Land of Infinity. The fiends inside would then come to the Land of Infinity.

In ancient times, there was a great war between the gods and many passageways were broken through. The fiends descended and caused a lot of trouble.

Later on, rumor had it that an invincible expert suppressed those demonic qi dimensions and was conferred the title of King of Hell by the ancient emperor. This expert was now called God Maha.

Gu Chensha's subordinate, Yi Ming, was one of the emissaries of the Temple of Maha. He had also learned the methods of the Maha Suppression Scripture.

God Maha was the King of Hell and the King of the Evil Gods. Rumor had it that he was also the strongest existence among the righteous and evil gods. He was now in charge of many dimensions filled with demonic qi, which were also the various hells. However, this god was sealed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

The Maha Suppression Scripture also recorded many vicious demonic arts and the characteristics of the various fiends in hell.

Of course, Yi Ming's Maha Suppression Scripture was only a small part of it. The real demonic scripture was as vast as the sea. Although it wasn't as good as the Heavenly Talisman Tome, it wasn't something that one or two books could contain.

Gu Chensha was proficient in the Immortal Dao, Demon Dao, Fiend Dao, Divine Dao, and various secret arts. Naturally, it was a piece of cake for him to deal with demonic qi and fiends.

The seal of the Bottomless Sea of Sin broke and many fiends appeared. Gu Chensha took this opportunity to cultivate.

The Vampiric Devil Vine grew from the ground and grew into a sapling that was half the height of a person. It was blood-colored and had seven tentacles that constantly swayed. It looked demonic and bloody.

Gu Chensha circulated his astral energy and poured it into the demonic vine. He suddenly circulated the Sky Demon Secret Art, and his astral energy turned into many runes that transformed into demonic qi that helped the demonic vine digest the sheep-headed devil monster's essence blood and soul.

The Vampiric Demon Vines were not omnipotent in the beginning. Even an ancient Vampiric Demon Vine that had lived for hundreds of years would need several months to digest after absorbing so much blood. It would not be able to absorb any more blood. Moreover, the most important thing was not to digest the blood essence, but to refine the soul. This required Gu Chensha's assistance. The growth of the Heavenly Demon Tree was also a process of refining dharma treasures.

Although Gu Chensha's supernatural power was strong, and although his mana was high, he couldn't achieve it in one go. He needed the patience and effort of dripping water to wear through a stone.

He wanted to use the blood essence and soul absorbed by the Vampiric Demon Vine to fuse with the Sky Demon Mystic Technique to change the life essence of the Vampiric Demon Vine and make it evolve even more powerful.

After activating it, the Vampiric Demon Vine twisted and many weird eyes appeared on the small tree trunk. There were so many of them that it sent a chill down one's spine.

"Good, the first step is almost done. Refine the demon eyes of the Vampiric Demon Vine. In the Sky Demon Book, even a monster above Dao Realm Transformation 20 would need dozens of years of hard work to complete the first step. I completed it so quickly. It seems like the Sun Moon Dragon Energy is the most mystical catalyst energy." Gu Chensha was delighted.

When the two brothers saw the changes in the Vampiric Demon Vine, their expressions changed. "King, what do you need us to do?" "The two of you capture more monsters but don't alert them."

Gu Chensha said, "The Vampiric Demon Vine has already mutated, but I need to refine it. It will consume a lot of Xiantian Earth Energy and I will need to be fully focused.

More importantly, the vampiric demon vine is still very weak and can be easily destroyed, so I have to take good care of it.

Once I succeed and the vampiric demon vine turns into the Sky Demon Tree, it will be able to cover hundreds of miles of land and kill any monsters. It will absorb their souls and flesh and turn them into nutrients. It can even bear all sorts of fruit trees. When that happens, the Invincible Sea of Sin won't be a hidden danger but a blessed land. "

Gu Chensha was right. If the Sky Demon Tree was truly refined, it could absorb souls and flesh and form all sorts of fruits. It could even form treasures, living beings, and puppets.

The theory behind the Sky Demon Tree was similar to the Buzhou Palace. At the end, it could even become a giant treasure manufacturing factory.

However, the difference between the Sky Demon Tree and the Buzhou Palace was that the Sky Demon Tree absorbed flesh and souls while the Buzhou Palace could absorb star energy and all sorts of essence energy.

In fact, whether it was the Sky Demon Tree or the Buzhou Palace, all the methods of refining treasures in the world originated from the Hong Meng Tree.

The Hong Meng Tree was a giant tree that grew in the depths of the endless void. It was also known as the World Tree. Rumor had it that this tree had infinite power. Many worlds were formed from the tree. Then, the world was like a fruit. After it ripened, it would leave the Hong Meng Tree and drift in the endless void, becoming an independent world. Many Multidimensional Worlds were formed from the Hong Meng Tree.

Rumor had it that during the Primordial Era, there were powerful Sages who had plucked treasures from the Hong Meng Tree. Those treasures were called Connate Cardinal Treasures.

The Hong Meng Tree was unimaginably huge. Gu Chensha knew that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had once plucked a fruit from the Hong Meng Tree to lure the Legalists. However, in the end, the Legalists didn't help Fa Wuxian wipe out the Temple of Mohe.

In the past, the seven Sages had worked together to pluck a fruit from the Hong Meng Tree and refined it into a few elixirs. The Sages were seriously injured.

Some of the characteristics of the Heavenly Demon Tree's refinement were actually the refinement method that many Sages of the Primordial Era had comprehended after observing the mysteries of the Hong Meng Tree.

Gu Chensha hadn't seen the Hong Meng Tree before. With his abilities, he was far from being able to shatter the void and travel freely between dimensions.

"If I nurture this Heavenly Demon Tree, it will become a pretty good Dharma treasure. Furthermore, with the nourishment of my Sun and Moon Dragon Aura, it will be even more exquisite than what the Sages of the Primordial Era nurtured.

I can resolve the demon disaster and obtain a pretty good Dharma treasure at the same time. It's like killing two birds with one stone. "Gu Chensha pondered.

Without the Dragon's Gate, he could rely on his Connate Stellar Energy to survive. However, the refinement of the Heavenly Demon Tree consumed a lot of Stellar Energy and Essence Spirit. Therefore, he wanted the Ximen brothers to capture more Sheep-headed Monsters for the tree to absorb. And he was the catalyst for the tree.

Otherwise, with the digestive ability of the tree, it would be difficult for it to grow without hundreds of years.

Luckily, after the tree evolved and absorbed flesh, blood, and souls, it could form pure fruits to nourish Gu Chensha's Essence Qi.

This tree started out as a Blood-Sucking Demon Vine. According to the refinement method in the Book of Heavenly Demon, the first step was to evolve into a Seven-Colored Demon Vine. When it reached this stage, after absorbing flesh, blood, and souls, it could form a Seven-Colored Essence Fruit. Color was the meaning of the world of colors.

Seven colors referred to the seven colors of a person's body: Soul, Spirit, Essence, Power, Energy, Spirit, and Intent.

The Seven-Colored Essence Fruit could replenish these seven colors, and its effects were comparable to many pills and medicines.

Gu Chensha first had to turn the Blood-Sucking Demon Vine into the Seven-Colored Demon Vine to kill the monsters and produce the Seven-Colored Essence Fruit to replenish his Earth Energy. He didn't have the Dragon's Gate to replenish his energy, so it was quite tiring. Sou sou sou …

The Ximen brothers' cultivation was also very strong. They had cultivated the Dao Realm Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body and were the top figures under Marquis Calming Sea. They had slaughtered and fought, and their rich experience even surpassed Gu Chensha's.

They silently shuttled through the demonic herbs, and in a short while, they each captured hundreds of Goat-Horned Monsters.

Among them, a few of the Goat-Horned Monsters were surging with vital energy, and they were actually at the level of Mortal Realm Martial Masters. And these few Goat-Horned Monsters' horns were a faint red color.

Goat-Horned Monsters also had different grades. Ordinary monsters' horns were grayish-black, and the higher grades were faint red, and the higher grades were pure red, then purple, gold, and glass.

Glass colored Goat-Horned Monsters were equivalent to people with the Dao Realm Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body. If they appeared in the Land of Infinity, it would be a huge disaster for the commoners.

"Very good."

When Gu Chensha saw the hundreds of Goat-Horned Monsters being silently swept over by the Ximen brothers' Xiantian Earth Energy, he nodded and activated the Blood-Sucking Demon Vine again. The demon vine's tentacles pierced into the thick scales and started to suck blood and souls.

As for Gu Chensha, he used his secret art and used it as the center to build a huge formation that was about an acre above the ground.

In a short while, the hundreds of Goat-Horned Monsters were sucked clean, and the residue was swallowed by the formation on the ground as nourishment.

"Your Highness, these Goat-Horned Monsters are demons, and they have a lot of demonic energy in them. Will there be any side effects after absorbing them like this?" Ximen Zuo asked.

"No, demonic energy is actually a type of essence energy, but it's extremely violent and chaotic. It's the Yin energy and negative energy of Heaven and Earth, but it's also a rather good nourishment. I used the Heavenly Demon Fiend Refinement Art to turn evil into good.

Actually, that's the way of nature. For example, if stinky dung is watered in a paddy field, it can produce fragrant and sweet rice.

But if the rice is eaten by humans, it will turn into dung. "Gu Chensha said," This is the conversion of Yin and Yang, the conversion of good and evil. "

After absorbing the hundreds of Goat-Horned Monsters, the Blood-Sucking Demon Vine grew a little taller. It was as tall as a person and its tentacles also grew.

There were many dense spikes on the tentacles, and when they moved slightly, it gave one a feeling of immense strength.

"The tentacles are so sharp, and I suspect that they can pierce through several layers of armor. The scales of the Goat-Horned Monsters are similar to armor, and they are tough to destroy." Ximen You said, "I feel that even Dao Realm Two Transformations might not be able to beat this tree."