Chapter 847
===========

"Xuan Xin, it seems that you didn't die completely last time since you dared to come here."

Concubine Shuang, Ning Qing Shuang, looked at Xuan Xin in disdain, "Back then, you were already a wretched person. How could you be compared to a hero like the Emperor? In my eyes, the Emperor is a divine dragon from the nine heavens, and you, you are just a small loach in the mud. How could you be compared?

I, Ning Qingshuang, have long seen that you will end up miserable. Today, I just want to die again. " "Bitch!"

Xuan Xin was enraged. "You are still so wretched and don't have any self-respect. Since that is the case, I can't save you. Later, I will break your formation, capture you, destroy your cultivation, and make you a mortal. Then, I will send you to the lowest brothel, where you will be humiliated day and night. I will announce to the world that this is the concubine of that bastard Gu Taxian. Let's see if you can still be so stubborn then.

And all of you, I will destroy all of you. As long as it is Gu Taxian's woman, I will make your life a living hell! " Xuan Xin was really angry.

He was born and resurrected by the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha. His only goal was revenge, revenge on Gu Taxian.

"Gu Changjian, Gu Tanjian, you two are making trouble too?" Concubine Xuan and Concubine Heng said.

Concubine Xuan was the Crown Prince, Gu Xuansha's mother, and Gu Changjian was Gu Xuansha's son. Concubine Xuan was Gu Changjian's grandmother, and they were related by blood. However, Concubine Xuan's cultivation was very high. During the process of condensing the Mother Formation, she had also stepped into the God Realm.

Therefore, she still looked like a young girl. This was nothing for cultivators. Even after stepping into the Dao Realm, they could still use spiritual energy to cleanse their bodies and retain their youthful looks. Concubine Heng was the Crown Prince, Gu Hengsha's mother, and also Gu Tanjian's grandmother. When the two saw Gu Changjian and Gu Tanjian come in, they couldn't help but scold them.

"Come on."

Gu Tanjian waved his hand. "I am the Sword of Infinity, the number one weapon of the Emperor Of Heaven, one of the thirty-six treasures of the Heaven Realm, and the strongest weapon in the Emperor Of Heaven's arsenal.

My mission in this world is to assist the Heavenly Daos, to assist the Emperor Of Heaven, to fight against the existence that defies the Heavenly Daos. Now, I understand my mission. But in the end, there is still some fate between us. Concubine Heng, if you betray me immediately, I can protect you from Xuan Xin. Let me tell you, if we join forces and suppress the four wilds together, your so-called Heavenly Mother Formation won't be able to stop us. So, quickly surrender. This is the right thing to do. " "Gu Changjian, what about you?" Xuan Fei asked.

"Surrender, or die."

Gu Changjian was even more direct. He then said to Peacock, "Peacock, you are Li Wanlong's daughter. You and Li Wanlong both had a fortuitous encounter and broke through to become Celestial Venerables. You want to control the entire demon race and become the true ruler of all demons. But let me tell you, this is all in vain.

You are the ruler of all demons. I am willing to sit in this position and gain destiny. But you and Gu Taxian are too deeply involved. It is not too late to stop now. If you continue to be stubborn, you will die without a doubt. " "Not bad."

Peacock didn't look the least bit afraid. "You joined forces so quickly and prepared to conquer the world. Do you think you are invincible because you obtained the power of the four wilds? You are not even afraid of the Calming Immortal Department?

We have no cooperation with the Calming Immortal Department, but this is the imperial palace, where the face of the imperial court is. Do you really think the Calming Immortal Department will ignore this? " "The Calming Immortal Department? I want to fight with them and see how strong that Gu Chensha really is. "

Jing Qiu and Gu Huo sneered. "If we work together, we will also form a formation. With the Four Wastelands working together, we can even lift up the Divine Prefecture. In the future, the Four Wastelands will be the four cornerstones of the Divine Prefecture. With the Four Wastelands, the Divine Prefecture can become the Celestial Court. You know this.

This time, the four wilds have gathered, and our cultivation has reached great heights. We will use our power to fight against the Calming Immortal Department and cause the world to change. That is the greatest merit.

My guess is that the Calming Immortal Department will not fight us and give up on you for the sake of stability. " "So, if the Calming Immortal Department doesn't help, you will definitely eat us?"

Peacock didn't look afraid at all. Instead, she suddenly became relaxed. "The reason why you suddenly came out is because you want to trigger a great tribulation and incite the flames of war. Behind you, there must be someone stronger guiding you, right?

The thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman is almost up. In less than a month, some great tribulation will break out. If there is no tribulation, the Calming Immortal Department will be as stable as a mountain, and Gu Chensha will be able to become a Heavenly Lord easily. I'm afraid the situation will become more and more difficult to turn around. You, the Masters of the Four Wilds, will be the vanguard. It is true that the danger is great, but the merit of the Heavenly Dao will not be small. Xuan Xin, you are the leader.

Xuan Xin, the hatred between you and the Emperor is as deep as the sea, so there is no possibility of compromise. Therefore, you can only seek wealth in danger. But Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, Gu Changjian, you still have a chance to compromise with the Calming Immortal Department. Don't be dragged down by Xuan Xin. You should know that the Heavenly Dao and the Emperor have not decided the winner yet, and the legendary Emperor Heaven has not been born yet. Gu Chensha's strength and means will change greatly in the future. Perhaps, he will be able to ascend to the throne of the Emperor Heaven. When that time comes, how will you deal with yourself? "

"No matter how glib your tongue is, you can't escape today. We will carry out the predestined destiny and start the war to stop the Calming Immortal Department's heaven-defying actions. In the future, we will be the greatest heroes. You are Gu Taxian's women. How dare you dream of becoming the mother of the world? You are simply seeking death."

Xuan Xin had lost his patience. "Ning Qingshuang, I will give you one more chance. Kneel down and beg for mercy. If you beg for my forgiveness, you may not die." "Xuan Xin, have you lost your mind?"

Ning Qingshuang looked at Xuan Xin as if she was looking at an idiot. "That's true. You have given your Boundless Heart to others. Naturally, you have lost your mind and gone mad. If I were you, I would not be able to protect my own heart and would be forced to form an alliance. If I were you, I would have committed suicide in shame for people like the Dharma Saint and the three Holy Masters. Why are you still boasting shamelessly here today? " "Damn it! Since you want to die, I won't say anything more to you. "Xuan Xin was completely enraged." Kill! " "Move of the Four Wildernesses!" In the blink of an eye, he attacked.

His attack was of great significance. In the imperial palace, he attacked Gu Taxian's concubine. This was the first step to provoking a calamity. Furthermore, he did not do it sneakily or on a small scale. He gathered the power of the four wildernesses and the origin of the Heavenly King to suppress, destroy the imperial palace, and capture the concubine. He wanted the whole world to know that the Celestial Tranquility Department could no longer suppress the situation, and that even the imperial palace was in chaos.

Once the hearts of the people in the world were scattered, the wild dragons and snakes that had been suppressed by the Celestial Tranquility Department to the point where they couldn't move at all, including the chaotic demon stars, would all take advantage of the situation to rise up. In the blink of an eye, the world would fall apart, and everyone would go their own way.

Over the years, the Celestial Tranquility Department had used iron-fisted methods to keep the Divine Prefecture in peace. The number of ambitious people had decreased, but it was impossible to truly suppress all of them. Ever since the Heavenly Talisman, the Divine Prefecture had experienced a surge of good fortune. Countless demon stars had descended into the world, and countless people had made incredible progress. There were Dao Realm experts everywhere, as well as Gold Cores and magical power. There were even quite a few who had reached the Godly level. Now that they were stronger, they were no longer satisfied with being bound by the imperial court.

For example, the young man who had been reincarnated from the Scholarly Star had reached the Godly level, and had no desire to work for the Celestial Tranquility Department. Instead, he had greater ambitions, and wanted to achieve even greater things.

Because the Celestial Tranquility Department was so powerful that it could suppress everything in the world, the ambitious people didn't dare to do anything. They simply followed the rules and regulations of the law. However, if a calamity appeared, ambitious people would spring up like bamboo after a spring rain.

Because of that, the current situation lacked an opportunity, a fierce warrior who dared to take the lead in the world. Xuan Xin wanted to be that type of warrior. Even if he didn't succeed, he would be the one to initiate the calamity, and would reap huge rewards in the future.

Long ago, Jing Qiu had also become a fierce warrior. However, he had been too early, and had been suppressed by the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya.

However, he had already accumulated a great deal of good karma. Because of that good karma, and his service to the dao of heaven, he had been able to wrest away the Essence of Heavenly King Innocuous Tribulation from Jing Fanxing, and had even taken the position of Lord of the Desert Desolation.

Because of that, he was very much in favor of initiating the calamity, and he and Xuan Xin hit it off.

As for Gu Huo, he was the reincarnation of the Heavenly King of Calamities. His arrival was a calamity. It was only natural that he would initiate the calamity.

If Gu Changjian and Gu Tanjian joined forces with the Lords of the Eastern Wastelands, Desert Desolation, and Sea Desolation, they would be able to rapidly increase their strength to an inconceivable level.

That was why the four of them could join forces and unleash the power of the Four Wastelands. That wasn't even mentioning the fact that they were backed by mysterious experts, most likely powerful heavenly kings who hadn't even been born yet.

"I wasn't originally the Innocuous Tribulation, but now I have the Essence of a Heavenly King. That's because I was the first to rebel against Yongchō. Even though I was suppressed, I was rewarded with a great deal of good karma. Because of that good karma, I was able to acquire the Essence of a Heavenly King without any sins. The dao of heaven recognized my value, and subconsciously abolished the useless Jing Fanxing, allowing me to take over."

When Jing Qiu saw Xuan Xin making his move, he let out a booming voice. "I used the good karma from my first rebellion to acquire the Essence of a Heavenly King. Now that we're initiating the greatest calamity in history, I wonder what level of good karma we'll be able to reach?" His words were meant for Gu Changjian and Gu Tanjian. He used himself as an example to illustrate the importance and benefits of initiating a calamity.

"Kill!" "Suppress it!"

At that moment, Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, and the Heavenly King of Calamities, Gu Huo, all made their moves. They knew that once they made their move, the world would usher in a new era. The calamity had already begun before they made their moves.