Chapter 1016
============

The First Formation of the Imperial Court Chapter 1013: The First Formation of the Imperial Court

"Fa Wuxian really is miserable. He's a laughingstock, and he's suffering day and night. He can't even live or die. I heard that not only did Gu Chensha turn him into a dog, but he also ordered his subordinates to burn him with godfire, freeze him with ice, and stab his heart with swords. He's in extreme pain, but his hatred is increasing every day. That's something we can use to our advantage." The Goddess of Love seemed to have a card up her sleeve. She seemed to have a very deep plan.

"Even if Fa Wuxian escapes, he probably won't be able to hurt Gu Chensha," the Emperor Of Heaven said.

"Of course it'll be difficult, but by then, we'll have reached the Dao of Heaven Level," the Goddess of Love said.

The Goddess of Love said, "All of us have ascended to the Heavenly Dao Plane. If we unite, we will be thousands of times more powerful than we are now. That terrible thing has also been born. Our greatest opportunity has come. In short, the future will be a time of chaos. In chaos, we will have a chance to reach the Heavenly Dao Plane, or even surpass it, and finally achieve true eternity."

"That's true. Gu Chensha might be strong now, but he might not be strong in the future. There's no such thing as an eternal protagonist."

The Confucianism Ancestor said. "If that's the case, we'll temporarily submit to his despotic power. We'll form a force in the imperial court. Once that force is formed, he won't be able to do anything."

"That's right. As long as Gu Chensha wants to form a court, he'll want all living beings in the world to learn the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

He won't be able to do anything to us. In fact, now that we're in the imperial court, we'll be like the officials of the previous dynasties who formed a faction to fight against the emperor. "

The Confucianism Ancestor said. "But then again, Fa Wuxian isn't a good person. He's the Ancestor of Devouring. Wherever he goes, he devours everything. We have to be on guard against him devouring us after he escapes. He's a mad dog, and he bites people everywhere he goes. In fact, it makes sense for Gu Chensha to turn him into a dog." Everyone thought about it and realized that it was indeed the case.

After Fa Wuxian completed the Devouring Dao, he became a mad dog that went around biting and eating people. No one was willing to get along with him because anyone who did get along with him would be devoured. In the past thousand years, there were countless people who hated Fa Wuxian.

Actually, now that Gu Chensha was treating Fa Wuxian this way, many people were cheering in their hearts. For example, Reverse Ancestor and Destiny Ancestor.

"Alright, let's form an alliance."

Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha said, "Apart from that, you are also the Justice League and the Unholy Alliance. We need to rope you in as well."

"That alliance is extremely evil. There are many ancestors within, all of them vicious and evil individuals. They're very difficult to deal with. "

The Confucian Ancestor said, "For example, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Li Ancestor, the Violent Ancestor, the Sinful Ancestor, the Cruel Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Cruel Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Cruel Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Evil Ancestor, the Blood Ancestor, the Flesh Ancestor …

"In the face of such tyrannical power, these ancestors can only bow their heads."

Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha said, "Disregarding everything else, Gu Chensha will still reward those who contribute and punish those who commit crimes. If we can really subdue the Unholy Alliance and make them submit to Gu Chensha, then we will be able to obtain many benefits. We might even be able to obtain some heavenly power from him." "Heavenly power?"

The Confucianism Ancestor and Ancestor of Love both said in shock, "We have created this universe, constantly brewing, constantly guiding living beings, finally allowing the universe to give birth to a trace of pure heavenly power. If Gu Chensha can casually create heavenly power, that would be too terrifying." "Probably not."

Ren Zu said, "The power of the Heavenly Dao is invincible, it is currently the highest level of power. If it could be created at will, then we would have no chance of resisting him. Moreover, from the looks of it, he is actually trying to unify the Human Realm, spreading the Dragonless Heart Sutra, just like us, he is brewing even more Heavenly Dao power." "If you think that, then you are gravely mistaken."

Gu Huasha said, "If my guess is correct, Gu Chensha has already cultivated the strongest secret art. His power has reached the ninth level of the Undying Realm. This realm surpasses the heavenly power." "What?"

Everyone was shocked, "This kind of power far surpasses the heavenly power. Then how can we deal with him?" "We can only endure." Emperor Of Heaven said, "Endure what others can't."

While these people were discussing, suddenly, an evil voice came from outside the universe, "Evil Ancestor has come to pay a visit." "Oh, speak of something, and here it comes."

Gu Huasha smiled and casually waved his hand. Instantly, a power broke through the universe and brought in an evil and powerful aura.

Seeing this, the faces of Confucianism Ancestor and the others changed. This meant that Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha had the ability to invade their universe.

This universe was a universe that the thirty-six ancestors had painstakingly built for a thousand years. Although only a thousand years had passed in the human world, hundreds of millions of years had passed in this universe.

In these hundreds of millions of years, countless living beings were born, and gradually, the heavenly power was born in this universe. Therefore, they attached great importance to this universe. Not a single bit of damage could be allowed. Once it was damaged, it was the same as a thousand years of hard work being wasted. Therefore, when the Evil Ancestor came in, everyone wanted to suppress the Evil Ancestor and fuse it with the origin of the universe, so that the universe could be strengthened again. The Evil Ancestor appeared.

He didn't look evil at all. He looked like a young scholar, but behind him, there were many faint traces of the origin of evil. Destruction, annihilation, extremes, all of them appeared.

"Greetings, Nihility Ancestor and Emperor Of Heaven."

After entering this universe, the Evil Ancestor frowned, as if he wasn't used to the righteousness of this universe. This was extremely inconsistent with his origin, but the Evil Ancestor was well-behaved, and he was extremely respectful to Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha.

"Evil Ancestor, are you here on behalf of the Evil Alliance, or on your own?" Emperor Of Heaven asked.

"Of course I'm here on behalf of the Evil Alliance. With such a big thing happening in the human world, we have no choice but to seriously consider our future. In truth, we are the representatives of negative emotions, but the evil deeds we've done over the years aren't even half of what Fa Wuxian has done."

The Evil Ancestor said, "Fa Wuxian's evil deeds are to devour continents and destroy space-time after space-time in the universe. Compared to us, his evil deeds are far greater. Actually, it's only natural that he's fallen to this state.

However, we don't want to end up like this, so we can only rely on Gu Chensha. However, we still have a question, and that is, Gu Chensha won't actually allow us to do evil. He might accept the Confucian Sect's people, but will he accept us from the Evil Alliance? If he doesn't accept us, we'll have to think of another way. After all, we can't just sit and wait for death. "

"Don't worry about that," Gu Huasha said. "The world is dark and dark. If there's good, then there's evil. If everything was good, then this world wouldn't exist. If my guess is correct, after you rely on him, Gu Chensha will combine your universes. Good will be mixed with evil, and evil will be mixed with good. This way, it will stimulate your power to increase."

"If Gu Chensha makes a move against us, I hope that His Excellency the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha will work together for us. We can work together to increase the power of the Dao of Heaven. What do you think?" The Evil Ancestor knew the rules very well.

"That's not a problem. We still have a long way to go in the imperial court. It's not something that can be done overnight." Gu Huasha said to the Evil Ancestor.

"Good. Then I can make the decision right now to accept the enlistment and enter the imperial court."

The Evil Ancestor was actually very afraid. He was terrified. Fa Wuxian's ferocity was far above his. Even the Alliance of Evil had to be on guard against Fa Wuxian's devouring at all times. But Gu Chensha had turned him into a dog. He knew that Gu Chensha couldn't go against him, or he would suffer a fate worse than death.

But as the Evil Ancestor, he had done all sorts of evil. He was afraid that Gu Chensha would punish him, so he first went to the Nihility Ancestor and the Emperor Of Heaven to test the waters. Emperor Of Heaven and the Nihility Ancestor were Gu Chensha's greatest enemies. But now that Gu Chensha had chosen to forgive them, it meant that the Evil Ancestor could be forgiven as well.

"There's absolutely no problem with this. You can even enter the imperial court to discuss political affairs. But you must be careful. There are some extremely evil things that you must never do. Otherwise, you might end up like Fa Wuxian." Gu Huasha warned.

"Confucianism Ancestor, what do you think?" Emperor Of Heaven asked.

"To tell you the truth, I want to destroy the League of Evil. But since we're all officials of the imperial court, we naturally have to use the power of the imperial court to fight it out.

Since that's the case, we naturally have to use the power of the Imperial Court to fight. If we can reform you, then our cultivation bases will truly break through the limits, allowing our power to reach the Heavenly Dao Realm. "

Confucianism Ancestor was actually eyeing the League of Evil like a tiger watching its prey. He wanted to use things like justice and etiquette to reform evil and violence. This represented a clash of origins, and if he succeeded, he would naturally break through to the next realm.

"In that case, it's settled," Gu Huasha said.

Three days later, Gu Chensha was in the imperial palace when he received a joint memorial from the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha.

"Good. Very good."

After reading the memorial, Gu Chensha said, "You have the Thirty-six Confucian Ancestors and the League of Evil merge together to form a new universe. In that universe, the two great powers will be in conflict with each other, and both sides will have to increase their own strength. Therefore, under the pressure of survival, they will do their best to comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Not bad. "