Chapter 4
=========

Build the Great Wall to repel barbarians, destroy hundreds of countries to unify the world, cut thousands of mountains to fill the Sea of Sin, destroy evil sects to correct people's hearts, kill evildoers to pacify the Great Wilderness, eliminate treacherous officials to correct the rules of the court, establish etiquette to educate the world, build ceremonies to pass down for generations, abolish obscene worship to confer titles to the gods. These were the top ten achievements of the Great Yong Dynasty's Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Heavenly Talisman was the title of the year. Heaven is the supreme being. The talisman was the pattern of the law.

The emperor used this as the title of the year, meaning to operate the law on behalf of Heaven. All living beings, ghosts and gods had to submit. The Great Yong Dynasty was located in the Land of Infinity.

This land was called "Infinity". It was truly boundless. Even those who had cultivated the 36 Transformations of the Dao Realm could only see a drop in the ocean. Summer of the 14th year of Heavenly Talisman. Capital City, Imperial Palace Great Hall. Imperial children were studying in the scorching heat.

"There are floods and droughts in some places. Starving people are everywhere. How do we pacify them? How do we provide relief? Prince Nineteen, you go first. "

The teacher, Third Liu, had a long beard and white hair. He wore a scholarly robe and had a calm demeanor. He was the Crown Prince's Young Master, Liang Tao.

"They can eat meat if they don't have food." Prince Nineteen stood up. He was 14 years old and looked silly. His clothes were wrinkled.

"Hahaha …" "Nineteen is really an idiot! He's going to be punished again today. " "The people can eat meat if they don't have food? If this gets out, everyone in the world will scold him. It will be a joke a thousand years later. " Everyone burst into laughter.

"Is this kid really stupid, or is he hiding his strength and biding his time, pretending to be stupid?"

A woman in red said softly, "No matter what, we have to be wary of this kid. After all, he has the bloodline of the Xian Dynasty."

Originally, women were not allowed to show their faces in public. However, after Heavenly Talisman Emperor ascended the throne, he broke the old custom and encouraged women to study and practice martial arts. After many years of reform, the custom was extremely open.

"Gu Chensha, stand outside for two hours. Your punishment is to go to the library to organize books for three days." Crown Prince's Young Master Liang Tao pointed outside. Gu Chensha was the prince who 'ate meat' just now. He was ranked 19th.

"Yes … Yes …" Gu Chensha nodded and walked out stupidly. Crack! When he got up, he almost tripped over the chair. He looked as pathetic as one could imagine.

"This guy can be considered useless. His lower body is unstable, and his martial arts are sloppy. It seems that he really isn't a threat." A few princes exchanged glances.

"Your martial arts are too weak."

The lady in red laughed coldly, "My Great Yongchō was founded on martial prowess. Whether or not a prince is able to gain the favor of the Emperor depends on his strength. Gu Chensha is already fifteen years old. He has missed the best age to train in martial arts. It would be difficult for him to achieve anything. This is one less threat to my Lou family."

The princes in the academy all had their own thoughts, but Gu Chensha, who was punished to stand under the scorching sun, had a myriad of thoughts running through his mind.

It had been more than five hundred years since the founding of the Dayong Dynasty. The founding ancestor Gu Taxian had leveled the world, and the successive emperors had dominated the world with their scholarly and martial arts skills. Especially the current "Heavenly Talisman Emperor" Gu Taxian, who was well-versed in martial arts, had pushed the influence of the imperial court to the extreme. Even the evildoers and Taoist Immortals beyond the Great Wall did not dare to act presumptuously. They trembled with fear for fear of being annihilated by the imperial court. There was no familial love in the imperial family.

Fathers and sons suspected each other, brothers killed each other, and the palace ladies fought for favor. They resorted to every conceivable means. It could be said that every step was treacherous. The slightest bit of carelessness would cause one to be framed and lose one's reputation. Gu Chensha had more than forty brothers and thirteen sisters. He had the least background.

A prince's background was mainly based on the influence of his mother's family. He had brothers and uncles who were great generals and held military power. There were governors. There were peerless experts. And there were millennium-old aristocratic families.

And Gu Chensha's mother was a princess of Great Yongchō's enemy country, Xian Dynasty. She was sent here for marriage.

Later on, Great Yongchō sent troops to destroy Xian Dynasty. All the nobles, big and small, were killed. Even Emperor Xian set himself on fire in the treasury. When she heard that the country was destroyed, the princess also committed suicide.

This caused Gu Chensha to have no one to rely on in the imperial palace. Not to mention the other princes bullying him, even the imperial guards, palace maids, and eunuchs dared to deal with him. Bullying him was a small matter. There were many people who wanted to kill him.

Back then, Xian Dynasty and Great Yong Dynasty were at odds. The two countries fought for a hundred years and formed a blood feud. It wasn't until Heavenly Talisman Emperor ascended the throne that Xian Dynasty was completely destroyed.

In this war, Great Yong Dynasty lost an imperial prince and several marshals, as well as dozens of generals.

The two countries fought with all their might. After conquering the capital of Xian Dynasty, they didn't stop fighting for three days. All the troops massacred the city and killed all the commoners.

Even now, there were still commoners of Xian Dynasty plotting a rebellion. The blood feud hadn't been forgotten.

Because of this, many elders of the imperial court who massacred Xian Dynasty were hostile to Gu Chensha. There was no way for him to become the emperor. He might not even be able to keep his life.

Fortunately, he had suffered since he was young and knew how to hide his strength and bide his time. He pretended to be crazy all day long and managed to survive. The discussion in the classroom continued.

"Lou Baiyue, tell me, how should we provide disaster relief?" The Crown Prince's Grand Tutor, Liang Tao, pointed at the woman in red.

Lou Baiyue stood up. "First, kill the local officials and say that they embezzled the relief rations to appease the victims."

"What if the local officials were honest and just caused the commoners to rebel because of a natural disaster?" Liang Tao asked.

"I remember in the history books that there was a great emperor who went to war. The army lacked rations and was full of complaints. Thus, the general beheaded the grain officer and said that he embezzled the army's rations. Thus, the morale of the army was stabilized." Lou Baiyue's eyes gleamed coldly.

"That's too heartless." Liang Tao frowned. "Benevolence and righteousness are the priority in governing a country."

"If we don't borrow the head of the local officials, how many people will die when the starving commoners are bewitched by the unruly commoners and attack the city?

When my brother went to Yinzhou to provide disaster relief, the villages were on fire and the trees were filled with smoke. There were even evil cultists and unruly commoners fanning the flames. At that time, there was no more food to provide relief.

If my brother didn't kill the county officials to appease the commoners, he would behead hundreds of troublemakers. That would affect several provinces and damage the foundation of the court. "

Lou Baiyue's voice was like metal. "If a place starts a riot, no matter how honest the local officials are, it will not be good for the people. They must die to atone for their crimes."

The girl in red was called Lou Baiyue. She was not a member of the royal family but the daughter of Duke Yuan Lou Chongxiao.

Most of the students in the academy were from the royal family, but there were also some who were children of meritorious officials.

The Lou family followed the founding emperor and conquered the world. They were favored by many generations of emperors and became even more glorious in the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty.

Lou Chongxiao was "Duke Yuan". His two younger brothers, Lou Chongtian and Lou Chongyun, were "Marquis Wei Ling" and "Marquis Wu An". Other than that, many of the Lou family's children were generals and high officials. Thus, the Lou family was given the nickname "Lou Banchao". With such power, even ordinary princes had to give way to the Lou family.

"Your brother contributed to the disaster relief in Yinzhou and was personally rewarded by the emperor."

The Crown Prince's Grand Tutor, Liang Tao, nodded. "However, the way to rule a country is based on kindness. Killing too much is harmful to one's virtue. Secondly, it is easy to develop a cruel personality. I hope you can go back and tell your brother what I said. " "I will." Lou Baiyue did not contradict him. She just nodded and sat down. Cicadas … Cicadas …

The cicadas were making a lot of noise in the forest. The eunuchs used bamboo poles to wrap spider webs and stick them down one by one. The afternoon sun was already making people dizzy. With the addition of the cicadas, Gu Chensha could not take it anymore.

While he was being punished, the literature class had already ended and they entered the Hall of Martial Arts to learn martial arts.

"Baiyue, Liang Tao is the leader of the righteous faction in the court. He has impeached your father. This time, he is lecturing us about kindness and righteousness. I think there is a deeper meaning to it. The local official your brother killed during the disaster was his student. "

A prince approached Lou Baiyue. He was dressed in a silver robe and looked rather dashing. He couldn't be mentioned in the same breath as Gu Chensha's foolishness.

"Who doesn't know how to sit and discuss?"

Lou Baiyue only laughed coldly. "There are too many righteous factions in the court. They talk all day and do nothing for the people's livelihood."

The silver clothed prince did not mind. He looked at Gu Chensha who was standing outside. "Do you think this brat is really stupid or is he pretending to be?

I think he became like this when you hit him in the head when he was ten. You were imprisoned for ten months because of that. "

"Old Fourteen, don't talk nonsense. He was beaten up by Old Ten. You were there." Lou Baiyue's expression turned cold.

The silver-clothed young prince was ranked fourteenth, and his name was Gu Yunsha. He had a faint smile on his face. "Weren't you the one who instigated this matter? You said that this brat spoke ill of Old Ten, and Old Ten was also an impatient person, beating him up without even asking.

Your father knew this, or else he wouldn't have imprisoned you. Old Ten was also punished by the Imperial Clan Court. " "So what?"

Lou Baiyue disapprovingly said, "My eldest brother died when he attacked Xian City, and two of my uncles died during that siege. My cousin was poisoned and murdered by the remnants of the Xian Dynasty. Those vile spawn of the Xian Dynasty are still haunting us, and my father was even assassinated last year. Do you think I won't have a good impression of this brat?"

"He is my father's flesh and blood. Now that he has become a fool, we can't go overboard with some things." Old Fourteen, Gu Yunsha, smiled.

"Old Fourteen, don't pretend. You've punished him many times over the years."

Lou Baiyue flicked her fingernails. "You ordered those eunuchs to deduct his monthly allowance. You didn't even give him the medicinal pills that a prince needs to practice martial arts. Now, he can't learn either literature or martial arts." "Isn't that what you want?

Also, when my mother was alive, this boy fought for favor with my mother and played many tricks. If I don't hit him when he's down, when will I? "Gu Yunsha looked outside." Baiyue, I heard that your martial arts have improved a lot recently? Why don't you show me? "

Lou Baiyue didn't say anything. He just pressed his palm on the wooden pillar. Kacha kacha. The wooden pillar suddenly exploded, and the wooden shrapnel scattered on the ground. It was simple and unpretentious, but it had a destructive power.

"Pure Yin God Palm, your martial arts cultivation has reached Grandmaster Realm?" Gu Yunsha's eyelids twitched.

"The Four Mortal Realms are at the beginning, reaching the next level, reaching perfection, and reaching the peak. Martial artists, warriors, masters, and grandmasters are actually just mortals. Only the 36 Transformations of Dao Realm is the true meaning." Lou Baiyue always showed off her abilities.

"It isn't easy to step into Dao Realm. Even with our royal family's resources and cultivation techniques, there are only four princes who can step into Dao Realm."

Fourteenth Prince Gu Yunsha frowned. "To break through to Dao Realm, talent and luck are the most important. If one is talented but not lucky, then it is useless."

Lou Baiyue looked at the sky and said, "Once the state of Dao has changed, one can consume Qi and abstain from eating. Then, one can be free from the mortal world and live by consuming Qi. With a strong spirit, one can absorb the spiritual Qi of heaven and earth. At that time, one's body will be free of impurities.

"Baiyue, the Pure Yin Sutra that you are currently cultivating was created by the ancient Pure Maiden. Imperial Father subdued the Pure Maiden Sect and obtained this sutra. He actually bestowed it to you to cultivate. It looks like Imperial Father dotes on you even more than the other princes." Fourteenth Prince Gu Yunsha's tone was filled with envy. "This Pure Maiden Sutra is an Emperor Grade cultivation method.

The ancient Pure Maiden was an ancient Emperor's Empress. My Cloud Contact Technique is only King Grade. "

"I heard that the Seventh Prince has reached Dao Realm Eight Transformation and the Samadhi True Fire. As long as he passes the tribulation, he will be able to cultivate the Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body. With such cultivation, he should be the leader of the princes."

Lou Baiyue asked with a deeper meaning, "The first nine changes of Dao Realm, eating energy and not eating food, nine bulls and two tigers, copper skin and iron bones, swallowing gold to turn into stone, gathering energy from all orifices, cultivating energy to leave the ground and fly into the sky. Samadhi True Fire, Glass Jade Body. All of them are linked together to lay the foundations of the Celestial Path.

Once one forms the Nine Changes Glass Jade Body, one will be free from disease and illness. One will be pure and can live for 300-500 years. " "Scoff!

Seventh Prince is the Empress' biological son. Who knows how many fortuitous encounters and experts nurtured him to reach that stage? It is natural that his cultivation far exceeds ours.

But the Samadhi True Fire burns the body and is extremely dangerous. Many talented people have turned to ashes at this stage. "Gu Yunsha's expression was really ugly." I don't believe he can succeed. " = = =