Chapter 465
===========

"The Wen Family still treats me as an outsider. After all, I have submitted to the imperial court and am greatly indebted to His Majesty. If His Majesty had not promoted me back then and bestowed me with the Dragon Creation Qi, turning me into a peerless genius, how could I have achieved what I have today?" Wen Hanlong said, "My cultivation today is all thanks to His Majesty. How could I have any ulterior motives?

The Wen Family is actually on the same side as the other aristocratic families and will definitely not assist the Calmness Immortal Department in resisting the Devil Calamity. Your Highness should be very clear about this. " "There's actually such a layer?"

Gu Chensha only knew that Wen Hanlong was promoted by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, but he did not expect that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had actually obtained the Dragon Creation Qi, directly raising Wen Hanlong's aptitude to the pinnacle of peerless geniuses.

It seemed that although the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had disappeared in seclusion and did not come out for a long time, he had hidden many chess pieces throughout the country. He definitely did not just let the Calmness Immortal Department take the lead. As the situation developed, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor would plant more and more chess pieces.

The bloodline in Gu Chensha's body, the 'Death Exemption Talisman', 'Man Conquers Nature', and the 'Like I Am Here' token all had unexpected effects.

For example, the 'Death Exemption Talisman' directly resisted the attacks of several Saint-level experts, turning the Book of Heaven Demon, Buzhou Palace, Dragon Gate, and the three Heavenly Venerables' will into the Will of the People sphere.

And the 'Man Conquers Nature' painting distorted the 'Heaven Sacrifice Talisman', allowing him to share the sacrificial power equally with Wu Dangkong.

As for the 'Like I Am Here' token, Lou Baiyue had gradually comprehended its power. In the future, her cultivation would probably increase to a terrifying level. And this Wen Hanlong was clearly a chess piece left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. The moment this matter was said, Gu Chensha knew that Wen Hanlong was completely trustworthy.

"Not only do the aristocratic families have their own ulterior motives, but they are also secretly resisting Father."

Gu Chensha sighed. "If the aristocratic families could work together for the imperial court, why would we be afraid of the Devil Calamity?"

"Countless emperors of the past dynasties have thought so as well. However, even the ancient Son of Heaven could not achieve the unity of all living beings. Not to mention the unity of all living beings, they could not even achieve the unity of the heavens and earth."

Wen Hanlong was consoling Gu Chensha, "Everyone has their own ambitions, you can't force them. Every aristocratic family has their own plans."

Gu Chensha's heart skipped a beat. There were three moves in the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art: Sun and Moon Shine Together, Heaven and Earth Share Longevity, and All Beings Share One Heart.

He had already successfully cultivated the Sun and Moon Shine Together move, but he was still not familiar with the Heaven and Earth Live Together move. Furthermore, from ancient times until now, there had been many Son of Heaven who had cultivated the Heaven and Earth Live Together move, but not a single one had mastered it.

If one succeeded, their lifespan would truly be comparable to that of the heavens and earth. However, not a single ancient emperor had lived to this day. As for the unity of all living beings, that was an ideal. All living beings in the world had different aspirations, so how could they possibly be of one mind?

The Son of Heaven's God Bestowment Technique meant that even if one's power was comparable to the sun and moon, and one's lifespan was comparable to that of heaven and earth, it was impossible for one to have the hearts and minds of all living beings in the world.

Hearing Wen Hanlong's words, Gu Chensha nodded and said, "Indeed, it would be strange if the aristocratic families could join hands to fight against the imperial court. No matter what, we should first use peaceful measures before resorting to force. I want to see what kind of attitude the experts have. Even if they don't join hands to fight against the imperial court, it's fine as long as they bide their time. What I'm afraid of is that when the time comes, they will stab us in the back. When the imperial court encounters an external threat, the aristocratic families will start to take control of the provinces where they are located. In an instant, the imperial court will fall apart.

"I can't rule out that possibility."

Wen Hanlong nodded. "Actually, that's what all the aristocratic families were planning to do. Recently, the Tranquil Immortal Department actually began to disseminate the Dragon Raising Heart Sutra and the Dragon Creation Heart Sutra. The impact on the aristocratic families was simply devastating. In the face of these two heart sutras, the aristocratic families' advantage was practically non-existent.

It would be strange if the aristocratic families didn't make a move against the Tranquil Immortal Department. If this goes on, even if there are no demons, the aristocratic families definitely won't allow these two heart sutras to spread throughout the world. Otherwise, in a few decades, there will be no aristocratic families left.

"For the sake of us humans standing at the peak of the world, we have no choice but to do this."

Gu Chensha laughed coldly. "If we humans are unable to progress for the sake of the interests of these aristocratic families, then these aristocratic families will become obstacles to the development of the world and must be eradicated." "That's my opinion too."

Wen Hanlong said, "The School of Legalism is extremely powerful, and their rule over the Dharma Province is even more deep-rooted. I've been the governor here for many years, but I still haven't been able to do much. I can only barely maintain the situation. If the Devil Calamity breaks out, the School of Legalism will probably be the first to imprison me, then take over the entire Dharma Province and establish their own country. I'm planning that even if Prince doesn't come looking for me, I will go to the Tranquil Immortal Department to explain the situation." "Very good."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Don't worry. With the Tranquil Immortal Department around, we definitely won't let such a thing happen. How is Fa Wuxian now?

Also, rumors say that the Dharma Saint is still alive and hasn't merged with heaven and earth. You have been in Dharma Province for so many years, have you heard any news? " "I am afraid that the rumors are true."

Wen Hanlong's expression was really solemn and solemn. "Prince, based on all the signs, the Dharma Saint comprehended some sort of secret technique and is hiding in the depths of the chaotic space current. He is communicating with all the Dharma Realms."

"All Dharma Realms are really mysterious. When I fought Fa Wuxian and he used it on me, I knew that this change was to go against the summoning of the heavens." Gu Chensha frowned.

"Fa Wuxian was injured not long ago and returned to the School of Legalism to cultivate. But it was said that he survived and his cultivation improved. He has reached the 23 Dao Realm Transformations and is at the crucial step of breaking through."

Wen Hanlong said, "This person is lawless and I know that he has tried to deal with Prince many times. Prince must be careful of this person."

"It is okay. To me, this person is like a chicken or dog. I can kill him with a flick of my finger." Gu Chensha wasn't bragging.

Not to mention that he cultivated the Heaven Path Technique, even if he didn't, with his 22 Transformations cultivation, he could kill Fa Wuxian's 23 Transformations. Fa Wuxian's biggest advantage was his talent. He was a Natural Saint.

Gu Chensha's talent was also that of a Natural Saint. Fa Wuxian had no advantage in front of him at all.

"I will head to the School of Legalism and tell them that Prince is here. Let's see how they react." Wen Hanlong cupped his fists and disappeared.

"This Wen Hanlong is a really strong talent. He is no weaker than the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been the Governor of Dharma Province for so long. It seems like we need to support him with pills, armor, and swords to increase his strength."

Gu Chensha thought for a moment. "The Governors and Inspector-Generals of the world are the backbone of the power. Our Calming Immortal Department must rope them in and nurture them."

Gu Chensha had seen many Governors like Xian Prefecture, Wu Prefecture, and Jing Prefecture. They were all loyal to the court, but they were a little weak.

If all of them had Golden Core Realm cultivation, then it would be perfect. How prosperous would the world be then?

"It is hard to change the situation within the Central Plains God Prefecture. However, the vast wilderness can absorb people and then use General People's Life as the Governor to manage it. While managing, one can obtain the Human Dao Luck."

Gu Chensha sat down cross-legged in the governor's estate. Then he used a bit of his magic power to form an eye, which he sent up into the sky. It merged with the light of the sun, allowing him to observe everything that was happening in Dharma Province.

The Dharma Province covered an area of half a million kilometers in circumference, and was rich in terrain. There were plains, mountain ranges, hills, and enormous lakes and rivers. There were even snowy mountains, deserts, and primeval forests.

However, the layout of the Dharma Province, whether it was the mountains or the rivers, had been transformed by the ancient Dharma Saint. The spiritual energy in the Dharma Province had gradually converged into an enormous vein of the Dharma Dragon. The head of the Dharma Dragon vein was where the School of Legalism was located.

The School of Legalism's clan palace was built on top of the dragon's head, in a location with excellent feng shui. This mountain was different from the Wu Clan's mountain.

The Wu Clan's mountain had flowing springs and waterfalls, trees, birds, and all sorts of animals. It was filled with life. The School of Legalism's mountain was forged from a type of black iron. It was hundreds of kilometers in circumference, and was not formed naturally. Someone had used immense magic power to forge the iron mountain, which was also inscribed with countless laws. An aura of imperial law emanated from it. The law was the law, and the rules were the rules. There were no human emotions to speak of.

This was the style of the School of Legalism. They were impartial and impartial. They measured with an iron ruler and judged everything with an iron pen.

Many palaces had been built at the foot of the iron mountain, which had a circumference of hundreds of kilometers and a height of thousands of kilometers.

Gu Chensha knew that the iron mountain was not actually black iron, but the Imperial Law Jade Iron refined by the Dharma Saint. For thousands of years, it had absorbed the Dharma Province's dragon vein and human path providence. It had suppressed the Dharma Province's dragon vein and provided a lot of power to the School of Legalism's Dharma Realm.

Furthermore, in the past 20 years or so, due to the development of the imperial court, the entire Dharma Province's population had increased rapidly. The human path providence had also increased greatly. As a result, the School of Legalism's strength had actually increased.

"The school of Legalism has actually suppressed the dragon veins of the earth. It's no wonder that a natural-born Saint like Fa Wuxian was born." As Gu Chensha observed, he discovered quite a number of ingenious aspects of the school of Legalism. After waiting for a day, clouds suddenly appeared in the sky. Wen Hanlong and a person came to the governor manor.

This person was an old man who was dressed in white. His cultivation was really high and his body was covered in spiritual power. He spun around and was one with everything in the world. He was actually at the Dao Realm 22 Transformation Phenomenon. Moreover, this old man was actually of the Vajra Technique grade.

"I am the School of Legalism's Grand Elder, Fa Liufeng. I heard that King is here, so I rushed over to welcome you." The old man cupped his hands. He was quite polite and didn't give him face like the Jing Family.