Chapter 393
===========

Tai Mang Di was extremely dissatisfied with the three Heavenly Venerables, but he did not have the guts to truly go against them. From this point of view, Gu Chensha understood the Taiyi Fantasy Sect's mentality very well.

The Celestial Tranquility Department dared to go against the three Heavenly Venerables because they had a backer — Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

The three Heavenly Venerables had not yet confirmed whether Heavenly Talisman Emperor was dead or alive, so they did not dare to act rashly. Having lived for so long, they would never act impulsively.

Gu Chensha knew very well that existences at this level no longer had any negative emotions. Everything they did was based on their own interests, and they would lower the risk to the minimum. He thought of a plan in his mind.

"Brother Mang Di, I know your difficulties, but if we don't act soon and weaken the three Heavenly Venerables' forces, I'm afraid that the Taiyi Fantasy Sect will really be exterminated in the future. Since ancient times, many profound immortal sects have been reduced to mortals by the three Heavenly Venerables." Gu Chensha tried his best to persuade them.

"Then what do you think, Brother Chensha?" Tai Mang Di actually had a bit of resentment in his heart.

"There are some things that the Taiyi Fantasy Sect can't do, but our Celestial Tranquility Department can." Gu Chensha said, "But your Taiyi Fantasy Sect can support us secretly. How about that?"

"But, if the Celestial Tranquility Department exterminates this adjudicator, the three Heavenly Venerables will be truly furious." Tai Mang Di was still very worried.

"We've destroyed many of the three Heavenly Venerables' plans, but the three Heavenly Venerables do not dare to act for fear of His Majesty's wrath."

Gu Chensha said, "The three Heavenly Venerables can bear it. They are not willing to take any risks, because to them, their lives are close to immortality, and they have plenty of time in the future. There is no need for them to put themselves in even a ten thousandth of danger for the sake of face.

To them, no risk is the best plan. But deep down in our bones, we are still impulsive and impulsive. This character of the three Heavenly Venerables has allowed them to avoid countless risks since ancient times and survive until now. But this is a chance for us. We can do many things according to this character of the three Heavenly Venerables. " "Your Celestial Tranquility Department will act?

Kill the adjudicators under the command of the three Heavenly Venerables? "Tai Mang Di said:" What help do you need from us?

We can't send out people, nor can we borrow magic treasures. Otherwise, if the three Empyreans get hold of us, we won't be able to bear the consequences. " "Our Tranquil Immortal Department is currently facing some difficulties."

Gu Chensha voiced his thoughts. "Actually, we've only recently refined the Heavenly Demon Tree, but that tree has absorbed all of our energy and vitality, causing our sect's cornerstone treasure, the Life's Wish sphere, to wither and not be able to unleash its power.

I think Taiyi Fantasy Sect must have a treasure that contains a lot of vitality. If we could get it, we could easily replenish the energy of the Heavenly Demon Tree and kill that adjudicator. Additionally, as long as the Heavenly Demon Tree is 10% complete, we could provide a lot of magic treasures for Taiyi Fantasy Sect. By cooperating with each other, we could enhance our overall strength and help each other resist the three Heavenly Masters. How about that? " "I see." Tai Mang Di frowned. "But I can't make a decision on this."

"It doesn't matter. This is a secret deal between us. If we succeed, I can even impart to you the memory fragments left by many sages of the demon race so that you can obtain enough information to innovate. How about that?" Gu Chensha grasped Tai Mang Di's thoughts and quickly tempted him.

As expected, Tai Mang Di was extremely moved when he heard this. "Brother Chensha, wait for a moment. I will report this to my father and discuss this."

As expected, he started to communicate with the headmaster of Taiyi Fantasy Sect through a secret channel.

He was the son of the headmaster of Taiyi Fantasy Sect and had a high position in the sect. Although his cultivation base was impressive, he couldn't suppress the other heroes. In the Immortal Dao Profound Sects, strength came first. Even if the headmaster's son didn't have strength, he would still be laughed at.

Everyone in the Tranquil Immortal Department cultivated at such a fast speed that he gasped in amazement. He also wanted to obtain some secrets of the Tranquil Immortal Department. Gu Chensha nodded and let Tai Mang Di communicate with him.

After one day and one night, Tai Mang Di finally recovered his composure. A bead was constantly rotating between his eyebrows, displaying the birth and death of all phenomena. This bead was the most mysterious treasure of Taiyi Fantasy Sect, the Taiyi Bead.

It was refined by Heavenly Lord Taiyi from the essence left by the explosion of chaos. Since the establishment of Taiyi Fantasy Sect, nobody had been recognized by this bead for tens of thousands of years. Tai Mang Di was the first person to be recognized by this bead. There was some luck involved in this.

"My father proposed a condition."

After recovering his composure, Tai Mang Di seemed to be in disbelief. He looked shocked. "My father said that I should sever my relationship with Taiyi Fantasy Sect and join the Tranquil Immortal Department. At the same time, my father would fly into a rage and expel me, accusing me of stealing the sect's treasure." "Impressive."

Gu Chensha's brows relaxed. "Your father is a chess piece, or perhaps a spark, that he has laid in ambush. It looks like he has also sensed some danger, but now is not the time to fall out with the three great Heavenly Venerables. The three great Heavenly Venerables will not be able to find any excuse to use the fact that you were seduced by the Tranquil Fairy Department and stole a treasure to rebel." "That's the deal then."

Tai Mang Di was straightforward. "My father wants me to become Mister Zhuge's disciple and change my sect. In this way, I can attract the hatred of the three Heavenly Lords to Mister Zhuge. Is the Tranquil Immortal Department willing?"

"No problem." Gu Chensha burst out laughing. This was extremely beneficial to the Tranquil Immortal Department.

"Then I will return to Taiyi Fantasy Sect now. After that, I will go to the Tranquil Immortal Department and become Mister Zhuge's disciple." Tai Mang Di's body moved and disappeared. Gu Chensha nodded. He was not in a hurry and continued to cultivate at the bottom of the sea. He had already informed Zhuge Ya of this important matter.

He continued to cultivate at the bottom of the sea and was not in a hurry. He waited for half a month.

In this half a month, he had formed another two golden cores in his body. Including the original one and his own natal golden core, he had a total of four golden cores.

The natal golden core was at the Tanzhong acupoint on his chest and was connected to the central hub of his body.

The remaining golden cores were at the Yuzhen acupoint on the back of his head, the Mingmen acupoint on his back, and the Perineum acupoint on his lower body.

As soon as these golden cores were formed, Gu Chensha felt that the strength of his body had increased by a lot. His insight into the body had reached a new level.

The human body contained many secrets. The acupoints on the body were like the stars, communicating with each other. They were like small universes and celestial bodies. The more Gu Chensha comprehended, the more he felt that the body was a supreme magic treasure. If he did not completely understand the secrets of the body, even if he cultivated magic power, his knowledge would be limited.

"So, there are so many secrets to the human body."

As the golden cores in Gu Chensha's acupoints increased, his body was like the vast sky. The golden cores were like stars in his body and they all had their own characteristics. When they rotated, it allowed the blood in his body to flow more smoothly. It also seemed like he had opened up a mysterious power in his body.

"It seems like I have to form golden cores in all my acupoints. When I fight enemies, not only will my damage increase, but when the golden cores rotate, I will be able to obtain many secrets of the body. Once I comprehend the secrets of the body, then it won't be too late for me to form spiritual power." Gu Chensha made up his mind to accumulate more time at this juncture.

This was because before the 20th transformation, the most important thing was the body. Without the body, there was no need to talk about anything else. Even if one's body died, one would have to find a new body. Without a body, one wouldn't have a foundation and wouldn't be able to cultivate to the next step.

The body would continuously produce Essence Soul Power, Xiantian Earth Energy, and Essence Blood to replenish the Essence Soul Golden Core. Once it left the body, the golden core couldn't be absorbed and converted.

Refining essence into energy meant that the body would absorb nutrients and convert them into Essence Blood. Essence Blood would be refined into Earth Energy, Mind, Essence Soul, and finally Golden Core.

Gu Chensha thought about it and perfected his foundation step by step. He wasn't in a rush to raise his realm. That was the best choice. From 19th to 20th transformation, it was a fundamental change in one's life form.

At the start, one was still a human. Once one reached 20th transformation, one wouldn't be a human, but a ball of spiritual power.

Although spiritual power could be gathered into a human form, the new body might not be as magical as the original.

This was why before one transformed into spiritual power, the more familiar one was with one's body, the more exquisite one's spiritual power would be. This was also a small cultivation technique that Jiang Gongwang suggested. True knowledge was revealed in the details. On the path of cultivation, Gu Chensha wasn't sloppy at all. He always sought perfection.

At this moment, Tai Mang Di had already 'stolen' many of Taiyi Fantasy Sect's treasures and appeared within the People's Wish ball.

"Greetings, Master." Tai Mang Di knelt down and bowed three times and nine kowtows to Zhuge Ya.

Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, Jin Suibo, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and the others were all witnesses. After the ceremony, Tai Mang Di took out a huge corpse stored in the Taiyi Pearl.

This corpse was dozens of meters high, like a mountain. It looked like a demon god sitting cross-legged. This demon god was a dried corpse, and its body rippled with immortal demonic and divinity.

"This is the corpse of an immortal general under the command of God Maha. It was obtained by our Taiyi Fantasy Sect during the war of gods and demons. It contains great power, and now I offer it to Master as a gift for you to become my disciple," Tai Mang Di said.

"Your father is really calculative. This Immortal General Maha was personally refined by God Maha. It's very rare, but it's heavily damaged, which means it's dead. It contains a strong demonic nature that can't be activated, but it's more suitable as a nourishment for the Heavenly Demon Tree. Moreover, Immortal General Maha contains more secrets of the Maha Suppression Scripture. If I can decipher it, I'll definitely impart it to you. "

Looking at the corpse of the demon god, Zhuge Ya knew the thoughts of the master of Taiyi Fantasy Sect like the back of his hand. "However, this is secondary. Your father is mainly trying to comprehend the essence of chaos in the Taiyi Pearl with my wisdom. This pearl is the most precious treasure of your Taiyi Fantasy Sect. Its power is even greater than that of the current Taiyi Heavenly Palace. Pitifully, it can't be activated."