Chapter 230
===========

Gu Chensha could see that the young man dressed like a scholar had an extraordinary bearing and a pair of bright eyes. He had the elegance of a scholar and a heroic air about him. Gu Chensha couldn't help but nod his head, "This young man actually has a superior aptitude. He also has martial arts and has reached the Grandmaster Realm. I wonder which aristocratic family is he from? He nodded slightly. "I'm from the capital. My surname is Chen, and my given name is Gong.

I became a scholar in the 12th year of Tianfu. I have no interest in the imperial examinations and have come out to tour the world to gain experience. Where are you from, brother? "

Gu Chensha wasn't making things up. He was one of the three heads of the Calming Xian Bureau and a prince. Not only was he of noble status, but he had also worked hard over the years to create different identities that made it convenient for him to go out and investigate.

What he had just said was arranged by his other identity, Lou Baiyue. There was even a file to check. He was a spy from the Calming Xian Bureau.

Gu Chensha's Sun-Moon Transformation was very exquisite. He could change his appearance and figure slightly, and his aura became that of a martial arts master at the third tier of the Mortal Realm.

He was now hiding his aura, cultivation, and identity. Even a Golden Core Great Path cultivator wouldn't be able to see through him.

"I'm from the Spiritual State. My surname is Feng, and my given name is Yuzhou.

I'm also a scholar in the 12th year of Tianfu. "The scholar's face lit up." So Brother Chen is from the same year. " "Feng? Are you a disciple of the Feng family?

No wonder your cultivation is so extraordinary at such a young age. You've already reached the Grandmaster Realm. I can't even hope to catch up to you. "Gu Chensha's heart skipped a beat.

The Feng family of the Spiritual State was a large family. Although it wasn't a family of sages, two thousand years ago, an extremely powerful figure, Feng Polang, appeared in the family. It was rumored that he had reached the Golden Core Great Path and helped an emperor ascend to the throne. The family flourished, and he lived for a thousand years before dying of old age.

Under the protection of this Golden Core Realm Grand Master, the Feng Family developed for a thousand years and gradually accumulated a lot of wealth. Although this person died a thousand years ago, the Feng Family still had a place in the Spiritual State because of the long period of hard work.

"I see that Brother Chen has come all the way from the capital. Do you also want to see the wonders of the Dragon Cultivating Pill?" Feng Yuzhou sat down and chatted with Gu Chensha.

"Dragon Cultivating Pill?" Gu Chensha heard this, "Why do you say that? What is that? " "Brother Chen actually doesn't know?"

Feng Yuzhou said, "This matter has already caused a huge uproar. Rumor has it that the Crown Prince of the imperial court, Prince Heng's son, is recruiting heroes in the Martial Province. He took out an ancient Dragon Raising Pellet as a reward. This pellet has the ability to seize the fortune of heaven and earth. It can turn a stupid, mediocre person into a true genius in a single leap." "I see. Is there really such a magical pill?" Gu Chensha pretended to be surprised. Actually, the dragon gate in his body could also condense the Dragon Raising Pill.

However, it would take at least five years for him to condense the Innate Stellar Energy that he had painstakingly cultivated into the pill.

Furthermore, this was under the situation where his cultivation had skyrocketed and the Dragon Gate had fused with the Stardragon Bracelet.

If it was in the past, even if he and Lou Baiyue worked together, it would still take them decades to condense one.

There was another way, which was to kill experts like Lei Wusha and devour their Yuan Shen, Essence Blood and Earth Qi or Golden Core. Of course, neither was worth it. Putting the Dragon Raising Pill aside, what was Gu Tanjian trying to do?

If he wanted to recruit subordinates, he could have done it secretly. Yet, he actually caused such a huge commotion in the Martial Province's capital and even threw out the Ancient Dragon Raising Pill. This pill was even more valuable than the Seven Sacred Heart Tempering Pill. A single pill could create a genius. Any major power would definitely be tempted.

"I'm heading to the Martial Province to search for the reincarnated person of the Martial Song Planet. Gu Tanjian is also making arrangements here. He definitely has other plans. With this kid's cultivation, there is no way he could be so arrogant. Jin Suibo's information said that this kid might have The Great Spirit God behind him. It's not just empty words." Gu Chensha thought to himself, but he did not show any of it on his face.

"Brother Chen, why don't you come with me to try your luck?

I don't want the Dragon Raising Pill, but rumor has it that the Prince has many tricks up his sleeves. A few days ago, the Tiger Leopard Alliance's Leader Jia Yidao was given a legendary Morality Pill. He went from Martial Master to Dao Realm, breaking through the limits of Celestial Being and becoming an immortal. "Feng Yuzhou sighed." Even in my dreams, I want to step into Dao Realm. I wonder how it feels. " "Gu Tanjian even has a Morality Pill?" Gu Chensha was truly shocked.

The Morality Pill was a pill obtained by the ancient Son of Heaven by sacrificing five types of beasts and Son of Heaven Qi. It could allow martial masters to break through the barriers and truly step into Dao Realm. The five beasts were White Tiger, Black Snake, Yellow Turtle, Green Fox, and Red Eagle.

Of course, the White Tiger wasn't one of the four sacred beasts. It was just an ordinary White Tiger. However, ordinary White Tigers also had a very small amount of ancient White Tiger bloodline.

The Heaven Sacrifice Decree was in his hands, so there was no way Gu Tanjian could concoct this pill. The only possibility was that he had obtained an ancient legacy.

"Is that so?"

On the surface, Gu Chensha slapped the table lightly. "If I could obtain such an elixir pill, I would immediately step into Dao Realm. But …" "But what?" Feng Yuzhou asked.

"I'm well-informed in the capital city. I heard that the First Prince was punished by His Majesty not long ago. Now, he is in closed-door reflection. Moreover, all his military authority has been taken away. I'm afraid he has already lost his influence. I'm afraid he isn't a good tree." Gu Chensha intentionally probed the princes' opinions among the commoners.

The Great Yong Dynasty was open to discussion. There were many newspapers among the commoners who were discussing the imperial court.

It was normal for the commoners to discuss the ministers and the Emperor. This was because the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had the intention to open up a path for discussion. Therefore, he was praised by many of the commoners. It was normal for a few scholars to discuss the imperial court while drinking tea.

"That's not right."

At this moment, a few scholars came in and sat down. Every movement of theirs was well-versed in martial arts. When they heard the conversation between Gu Chensha and Feng Yuzhou, they couldn't help but interrupt.

"Brother Zhou, Brother Huang, Brother He, it's been a long time."

Feng Yuzhou seemed to know these few people. He cupped his hands in greeting and introduced, "This is Brother Chen from the capital city. He is a scholar from the twelfth rank of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. We are the same year. Let's get to know each other. There's no need to be so distant." "Just now, Brother Chen said that the First Prince has lost his power. I don't agree."

The scholar with the surname Zhou said, "The First Prince has guarded the customs for many years. He has many military achievements. However, he was harmed by a traitor in the imperial court. That's why he lost his military authority. His son, Gu Tanjian, has reinvigorated the army and expanded the territory of the imperial court in the Wilderness. He has built a great foundation. In the future, he will definitely rise again." "Oh?

Harmed by a traitor? "Gu Chensha hurriedly asked," Who is the traitor that Brother Zhou is talking about? "

"Of course, it's the two chiefs of the Celestial Calmness Bureau, Lou Baiyue and the Nineteenth Prince, Gu Chensha," Scholar Zhou said with disgust.

Gu Chensha never imagined that there would be a scholar among the common people who would evaluate him and Lou Baiyue as traitors. He could not help but feel a little angry. However, he suppressed it and felt that it was interesting. This change in his mood made him feel that his comprehension of his cultivation had loosened.

He calmed himself down and smiled. "According to what I know, the Nineteenth Prince is also very capable. He is good at business. Recently, he recruited the Baoyu Nation and completed the great task of expanding the territory of the imperial court. He collected taxes from the Celestial Calmness Bureau. It seems to be a great supplement to the imperial court's finances. He has not done anything evil."

"Before this person rose to power, he pretended to be crazy. After he rose to power, he began to eliminate dissidents. His words and actions are inconsistent. In the future, he will definitely be an ambitious person in a chaotic world. If the imperial court continues to trust this person, the future will be turbulent." Scholar Zhou criticized loudly.

"Brother Zhou, what you said is wrong. Back then, the Nineteenth Prince pretended to be crazy to protect himself. There is nothing wrong with that. Looking at his words and actions, he can be considered a capable official. "

A scholar with the surname Huang said, "Brother Zhou, you are in the jade business. After the Nineteenth Prince recruited the Baoyu Nation, he allowed the people of the Celestial Calmness Bureau and his fiefdom to monopolize the source of jade. Your clan lost their share, and your income was greatly reduced. It is normal for you to hate him."

"That Princess Yuefu Lou Baiyue's cultivation is deep and unfathomable. She is the Emperor's number one favorite official. However, since ancient times, favoring a woman will bring about the destruction of the nation."

"That is not true. Now, both men and women can study and practice martial arts. This is the first time since ancient times. I feel that this is a great thing. "

Feng Yuzhou had other thoughts. "Think about it. In the past, if scholars like us gathered together to discuss the imperial court, we would probably be arrested. Now, we can speak freely. Isn't it enlightened and relaxed?" "The Emperor can be considered wise on this point."

Scholar Zhou nodded. "However, the Emperor seems to have forcefully taken in a concubine. She is from the Wu Clan. That woman already has a fiancé. This is not what a wise emperor should do."

"Since ancient times, heroes have a weakness for the charms of beauties. This is especially true for emperors."

A few scholars laughed out loud. "Since ancient times, there have been a few emperors who gave up their country for the sake of beauties. This is understandable."

"Alright, the world is becoming more prosperous. It is good for us scholars to travel around the world to broaden our knowledge. However, we must also find a place to live and bring honor to our ancestors. The eldest prince, Gu Tanjian, is a rather magnanimous person. I heard that he will be coming to the Wu Province in a few days. We can pay him a visit then." Feng Yuzhou said, "Everyone, today is a beautiful day. Why don't we go sightseeing in the surroundings?"

"It is a pity that the world is at peace now. There are no bandits or mountain bandits. Otherwise, we could travel together and imitate the scholars of ancient times. Wouldn't it be better?" One of the scholars laughed out loud.

"I still have to go into the city to settle some matters. I cannot accompany you all." Gu Chensha quickly waved his hand.

"If that is the case, let us go sightseeing first. If Brother Chen is still in the city, we can drink and chat when we return."

Feng Yuzhou cupped his fists. "I live in the Rain Admiration Pavilion in the city. If Brother Chen does not have a place to stay, you can go there and report my name." "Many thanks."

Gu Chensha observed Feng Yuzhou's words and actions. He knew that this Feng Yuzhou had a heroic air about him and liked to make friends.

As he watched the group of scholars leave together, he experienced some of the life of the commoners. It was quite interesting to see scholars traveling together, discussing the politics of the court and making friends.

"What is Gu Tanjian trying to do exactly?

I think I should enter the city to take a look. "He tossed down the money for his tea and walked towards the city gates.

The city walls were extremely tall and the soldiers on top were all clad in bright armor. They were full of vigor and spirit. There were also a few squads of soldiers patrolling the city gates to prevent people from causing trouble.

There were also a few officials in charge of collecting taxes at the city gates who were checking the people entering the city.

There were taxes to be collected when entering the city, and even more so, their identities were checked. The Heavenly Talisman Dynasty stipulated that everyone had to have their own identification.

On the identification, there was the date of birth as well as a portrait of oneself. Many places were checked and if one did not have this identification, it would be difficult for them to enter the city. This was to prevent bandits from causing trouble.