Chapter 192
===========

"Forget it."

Lou Baiyue held the crystal ball in her hand. She knew that Wen Hong's martial arts and magical arts were not something she could contend against.

Fa Wuxian was a natural saint, while Wen Hong was the Son of Heaven. His aptitude was even higher than Fa Wuxian's.

"Even without Grand Preceptor Wen's help, I can still kill this fiend. However, if this fiend wants to escape, it's hard to say.

Since we've agreed to temporarily borrow the Bu Zhou Palace, I hope that Grand Preceptor will return it to the Calming Immortal Department after using it. "Lou Baiyue agreed. As she spoke, she flipped her hand and threw the Vast Thousand Mirror over.

Wen Hong caught it and cupped his hands. "There are many treasures in the depths of the Bu Zhou Palace, but I won't use any of them. When the time comes, I'll return them all. Lady Lou's future is limitless. Perhaps I'll have to rely on you during the great calamity."

He was polite and didn't have the arrogance of someone who dominated the world. He was more like a weak scholar.

"Grand Preceptor, you're too polite." Lou Baiyue was thinking about something.

"This Vast Thousand Mirror is extremely profound and unfathomable. Lady can't even use ten percent of its power. I'll refine it so that you can use thirty percent of its power. That way, Xiao Yan won't be able to do anything to you." Wen Hong said casually. Xiao Yan's expression was extremely ugly.

"Wen Hong! You dare to look down on my Scarlet Firmament Sect! "

Xiao Yan was furious. "I'm telling you, this Bu Zhou Palace is a treasure of my Scarlet Firmament Sect. Don't even think about taking it away." "Scram!"

Wen Hong suddenly flicked his sleeves and teleported. Xiao Yan and the other experts of the Scarlet Firmament Profound Sect were sent flying out of the Buzhou Palace. They spat out mouthfuls of blood, "Not to mention you, even if your sect master came, I wouldn't put him in my eyes. Who do you think you are?

"Wen Hong! Just you wait! "Xiao Yan soared into the sky and fled with the Scarlet Firmament Sect's experts.

"Everyone, I'm going to cast a spell to take away this Buzhou Palace. You should all leave quickly. Do you have any objections?" Wen Hong didn't care about Xiao Yan's threat.

Originally, there were many experts hidden in Bu Zhou Palace, but now they all retreated, running faster than rabbits. No one dared to challenge Wen Hong. Only Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, Gu Huasha, and Xi Chou were among them. Wen Hong suddenly spat on the Vast Thousand Mirror.

The entire mirror flew into the air and transformed into a huge bright light. It hung there and rotated, as if another sun had appeared in the sky. The light shone down and illuminated all of Bu Zhou Palace.

The light of the Hao Qian Mirror seemed to have caused some movement in the depths of Bu Zhou Palace. Buzz …

Lou Baiyue and the other two stared in astonishment. In the depths of Buzhou Palace, there was a huge instrument. It was oval-shaped, with many rings connected to each other. It was like a constellation, revolving unceasingly. It was a marvelous work of art.

This huge instrument had countless layers inside and outside, flashing and calculating. With the light of the Hao Qian Mirror, the calculation speed suddenly increased.

In the depths of Bu Zhou Palace, many formations were revolving. In an instant, the entire palace seemed to have come alive and was wriggling.

A huge amount of void spiritual energy descended. Other than that, there was also purple celestial energy that was like a rainbow that was being swallowed by the wriggling palace.

The palace was like a living creature that had awakened. It was desperately absorbing the spiritual energy and celestial energy to replenish itself.

"Marvelous in all directions."

Gu Chensha had comprehended the Dao of Bu Zhou here before. It was very beneficial for martial arts. But now, he finally saw the profoundness of the Dao of Bu Zhou.

"Rise!"

Grand Preceptor Wen Hong used an earth-shattering divine art. His hands formed all sorts of complicated hand seals. There were cracks everywhere in the void. It was as if he had opened all sorts of passageways to another void.

The Fourth, Gu Chensha, and Lou Baiyue all watched, feeling the fluctuations of the spiritual energy of heaven and earth. It was as if they had sunk into the deepest level of martial arts.

Duke Mei Xi Chou sighed and said, "Wen Hong is indeed the Son of Heaven. Although he did not succeed and became a character like the ancient Emperor, it was a blessing in disguise. He got rid of all sorts of fetters and was less affected by the mortal world. He was unable to bear the karma of all living beings. Could this also be the Emperor's plan?

The world was originally his. The Emperor took it away, which was equivalent to bearing the karma of all living beings for him. Since ancient times, the Emperor did not have a good ending. It was the karma of all living beings that was difficult to bear … " "Ten Thousand Stars Move Together!" Weng …

A vast starry sky appeared above Wen Hong's head. It was vast and deep. Countless starlight shot down and surrounded his body. The fire of the stars instantly enveloped Bu Zhou Palace.

"This is the Ten Thousand Stars Flying Technique!"

Lou Baiyue said, "Drawing the power of ten thousand stars to descend into the world. Every move has the unparalleled power of the stars. When cultivated to the extreme, it is like placing the primordial spirit in the starry sky. It is with the starry sky, existing forever between heaven and earth."

Gu Chensha was already a genius now. Watching Wen Hong display it, he had many insights. He also understood that Wen Hong seemed to have the intention of giving them pointers on martial arts.

It was unknown how much astral energy gathered and rushed into the Vast Qian Mirror. Inside the mirror, tens of thousands of starry skies appeared, and they were constantly changing. Gu Chensha saw the starry skies of the Desolate Era, the Immemorial Era, the Ancient Era, the Medieval Era, the Near Ancient Era, and the Modern Era.

It turned out that the starry sky in the sky was also constantly changing. It was just that time passed extremely slowly. Stars also had a lifespan. Compared to stars, the lifespan of gods was extremely short.

The lifespan of stars was hundreds of millions of years, billions of years. The most ancient gods were only tens of thousands of years. No god could live for more than a hundred thousand years. Between heaven and earth, nothing was immortal. Rumble!

Just as Wen Hong activated the Ten Thousand Star Flying Celestial Art and was about to take away the Buzhou Palace, a sword light suddenly slashed from the east.

This sword light was vast and mighty, like a long river of heaven and earth. It was tens of thousands of miles long, and it wanted to kill Wen Hong with one strike. It wanted to destroy everything within a radius of hundreds of miles, or even thousands of miles of the burial ground.

"The Nine Swords Mystical Gate Sect Leader has attacked!" Duke Xi Chou said fiercely. Pitter-patter!

At the same time, in another place, a fiery red glow seemed to be no weaker than this sword light. It also wanted to destroy Wen Hong.

"Crimson Firmament Sect Leader!" Ghosts wailed and gods howled!

Another black gas appeared in the west. In the black gas, there was a demonic claw that covered the sky. It was as large as a mountain, and it wanted to take away the Buzhou Palace and Wen Hong!

"The powerful barbarians have attacked." Duke Xi Chou was extremely shocked.

"Ten Thousand Stars Gathering God."

Wen Hong did not even look. Suddenly, a huge ancient god appeared above his head. This ancient god was formed from countless starlight, and it had three heads and six arms.

The ancient god had three hands forming seals, and the other three hands formed planets. They were ancient, desolate, and silent. Rumble! The ancient god's six hands threw with all their might, smashing the planets in their hands.

The three planets smashed the attacking sword qi, fire clouds, and pitch-black hands into pieces. At the same time, there were three grunts in the distance.

Wen Hong defeated the three attacks and took back the ancient god. The starlight became even thicker, drowning the Buzhou Palace.

"Ten Thousand Stars Become Immortals, Sun and Moon Gather Spirit, Heavenly Dao Only Me, Creation Only Kin!" His image was extremely ferocious. He did not look like the gentle scholar from before, but the Taoist Ancestor Star King. Many mysteries deep in the Buzhou Palace were activated by him. The entire palace kept shrinking. In the end, it looked like a model appeared in his palm.

Once the Buzhou Palace disappeared, a huge pit appeared in the center of the burial ground. It was pitch-black and hundreds of miles wide. No one knew what was inside. Chilly winds blew from it, and it seemed to lead to an unknown demonic region.

"I finally took this Buzhou Palace."

Wen Hong looked at the Buzhou Palace in his hand and passed the Vast Thousand Mirror to Lou Baiyue. "Miss Lou, I used a wondrous technique to refine the Vast Thousand Mirror and activated many of its seals. You can study it yourself, and you will definitely gain many benefits. Also, in the process of taking the Buzhou Palace, I obtained the martial arts experience and mysteries of the last ancient emperor, Zhou, and the secrets of Zhou Tian Yi. I will pass them all to you."

As he spoke, Gu Chensha felt a mysterious thought pass over. Instantly, many rune diagrams and martial arts experiences appeared in the depths of his mind. These things needed a long time to digest.

"Now that the Buzhou Palace has been taken, the channel to suppress the demonic region has been opened. In the future, many demons will fly out from it. But this is not a big deal. It can be used as a training ground for you and the others." Wen Hong moved and left.

Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, The Fourth, and Duke Mei looked at the pitch-black channel under their feet and quickly flew away. They didn't care about others and flew out of the burial ground.

"I didn't expect Wen Hong's strength to be even higher than I imagined. Even the leader of the Red Cloud Mystical Sect, the leader of the Nine Swords Mystical Sect, and the Barbarian Emperor hiding in the Barbarian Tribe couldn't do anything to him.

I originally thought that his strength was about the same as the leader of the 72 Mystical Sects of the Immortal Path. He actually surpassed them this time. No wonder Li Wanlong didn't want to fight with him. "

Marquess Mei sighed worriedly, "I have to go back and make arrangements for this matter. Princes, Infanta, goodbye." "Take care." The three didn't dare to be negligent and bowed back.

Seeing Xi Chou leave, Lou Baiyue played with the Haoqian Mirror in her hand and shook her head. "Today was an eye-opener. Our methods are not worth mentioning in front of those peerless figures." "Don't be discouraged. How long have we cultivated? It's just a dozen years. "

The Fourth didn't care. "Xiao Yan has cultivated for hundreds of years. Let's not talk about anything else. If we cultivate for a few more decades, we can beat him until even his mother can't recognize him." "Fourth Brother is right."

Gu Chensha said, "We are at a disadvantage because we haven't cultivated for long. But this time, I have not digested the things that Wen Hong taught me. Why don't the three of us find a place to meditate."

"I'm used to thinking alone. The two of you can meditate together." The Fourth laughed. "If there's anything, just go to my fief and inform me." He had also received the Buzhou Dao from Wen Hong and the secret of Zhou Tianyi. He was in a hurry to go back and meditate in seclusion.

"Baiyue, let's go to my fief and meditate together."

Gu Chensha saw The Fourth leave and immediately invited him. "My fief is guarded by the Black Tortoise Treasure. It's absolutely safe. More importantly, I have cultivated the Sun and Moon Dragon Aura, which can help the Black Tortoise hatch faster. In these troubled times, if a divine beast hatches, it will be of great benefit."