Chapter 946
===========

Chapter 943: Another World Chapter 943: Another World

"I wonder if the Earthly Sovereign is willing to help in this matter?" Juling Shen asked tentatively.

Zhang Zizhen wanted to organize all the experts in the Celestial Court other than the Heaven and Earth to carry out the crusade. However, he was only the master of the human world. Logically speaking, he did not have the absolute power to order the masters of the Immortal Realm, the Demon Realm, the Devil Realm, the Divine Realm, and even the Underworld. Unless the Emperor Of Heaven gave the order, it was impossible to unite so many forces.

But even when the future Emperor Of Heaven was at his peak, many of the orders he gave were actually disobeyed in secret. They all conserved their strength and did everything possible to improve their cultivation.

Not to mention now, the Emperor Of Heaven was actually suppressed by Gu Chensha's Everworld. His prestige was at its lowest point. Some people even thought that the Emperor Of Heaven might die prematurely. For example, the Great Spirit God's current state of mind was very subtle.

He was the Lord of the Divine Realm. Logically, he should be a firm supporter of the Heavenly Court, but he was best at judging the situation. From all the signs, he had already seen through the decline of the Heavenly Court. In fact, the Heavenly Court was at its most dangerous moment. If it did not change, it was very likely that it would really be destroyed. At this time, he was already looking for a way out for himself.

"If I can get that huge Mutated Origin, I can gain the power to fight against the Emperor Of Heaven. Then, Gu Chensha will not be able to do anything to me. If I don't get that Mutated Origin, no matter how powerful my cultivation is, it will be of no use."

The Great Spirit God already had other ideas. "Maybe, I can devour the Lord of the Immortal Realm and the Lord of the Demon Realm. Merging these worlds together is also a good way." "The Earthly Sovereign will definitely help, because it is a good thing.

You should know that the Emperor of Earth also has a grudge against Long Xiangtian. Initially, it was the Emperor of Earth who captured Long Xiangtian. Long Xiangtian is a person who will definitely seek revenge. Once he becomes powerful, he will definitely take revenge on the Emperor of Earth, "the Warlock Saint said.

"That's right."

At this moment, the voice of the Earthly Sovereign could be heard. After that, he appeared. The reincarnation power on his body was extremely dense. It was as if it could overturn the sky and earth. It was getting more and more terrifying.

Furthermore, a black halo appeared behind him. Within the halo, one could see layers upon layers of Hell. Gusts of chilling wind blew, and the wails of ghosts and gods could be heard. Even the Great Spirit God felt his heart tremble when he saw this. This was because he felt that if he was tainted by this reincarnation power, everything he had would be stripped away, and he would never have the chance to cultivate again.

"Lord Earthly Sovereign's cultivation is getting deeper and deeper." Zhang Ziran praised.

"You flatter me."

The Emperor of Earth waved his hand and said, "This still depends on the establishment of the Human World. Many human beings have accepted the reincarnation of the Underworld, and they have developed a sense of reverence for the Underworld. At the same time, they worship me. My Underworld has a large amount of sacrificial power, which can be refined into immortality, causing the Underworld to grow stronger and stronger."

"The Human World is a treasure trove. But now, those who have obtained the Mutant Origin, or should I say, the Voiders, are stealing the treasures in large quantities. We have to suppress them all and restore clarity to the world." Zhang Ziran said.

"What do the Heavenly Kings say?"

The Emperor of Earth asked. "And the Lord of the Demon World, the new Lord of the Demon World created by the Emperor Of Heaven, has he appeared?"

"They have all appeared. Even the new Punisher Heavenly King and School Advancement Heavenly King were promoted by the Emperor Of Heaven." At this time, Primal Chaos Heavenly King appeared.

Beside him were Heavenly King Daluo, Heavenly King Wisdom Heavenly King, Heavenly King Dong Hua, and so on. Apart from them, there were also two young people who had Heavenly King Origin. One of them was School Advancement Heavenly King, and the other was Punisher Heavenly King.

Furthermore, the aura of a door could be faintly seen on the new School Advancement Heavenly King. That door was the new Raging Dragon Gate.

The new Punisher Heavenly King also had a gourd, and its aura was even stronger than the original Immortal Slaying God Punisher Gourd.

"Raging Dragon Gate?

Immortal Slaying God Punisher Gourd? "The Great Spirit God shivered at the sight of it." Don't tell me His Majesty Emperor Of Heaven created all of them? "

"That's right. Emperor Of Heaven created a brand new Raging Dragon Gate. No, it has a new name. It's called the Door of Indestructibility.

The brand-new Heavenly King Jin said, "Lord Heavenly Emperor promoted me and gave me a name, Hua Miesha." "I am the Punisher Heavenly King.

This gourd of mine is called the Everextinguishing Gourd, and it specializes in destroying everworlds. My name is Hua Yongsha, and Emperor Of Heaven gave me that name. " "And me."

Right at this moment, another person appeared at the scene. This person was a young man with an elegant demeanor and was extremely handsome. However, his entire body exuded a demonic aura.

"I am the leader of the Demon Race, the creator of the Demon Realm. The new Demon Realm has been created by His Majesty Emperor Of Heaven," the young man said. "I am Hua Yongsha. Greetings, everyone." "New Lord of the Sun and Moon, come out," the Primordial Heavenly King said, cupping his hands.

Instantly, a ball of light appeared, illuminating the entire area. There was no darkness at all. Another young man appeared. This young man was extremely strong, far above Hua Miesha, Hua Yongsha, and Hua Yaisha.

"I am the new Lord of the Sun and Moon, Hua Mingsha."

The young man cupped his hands. "Emperor Of Heaven ordered us to work together to destroy the rebels and the Yongchō." "All of these were created by Emperor Of Heaven?"

Gu Danjian, Gu Changjian, and Jing Qiu were all thinking, 'In this way, I'm afraid the strength of the Celestial Emperor has to be reevaluated. The strength of the Celestial Emperor is probably far beyond our estimation and imagination. He is also improving, and I'm afraid he has also devoured a lot of variant sources.'

Actually, Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian were the reincarnations of Infinite Blade and Infinite Sword, but they had no status in the Heavenly Court. That was because the Endless Thirty-six Treasures were the keys to Emperor Of Heaven's throne. But because of the collapse of the Dao of Heaven, Emperor Of Heaven didn't need the keys to take the throne. Therefore, they had lost their use. They couldn't compare to Jing Qiu. Jing Qiu had the status of Innocuous Heavenly King.

Apart from them, the Dharma Saint, the three Celestial Masters, and Old Man Untainted who had submitted to the Heavenly Court were also in an awkward position.

But these people had their own ideas. Some even thought that after the Heavenly Court and Gu Chensha both suffered losses, they would rise up by themselves. Now, everyone had their own ideas.

However, the Celestial Thearch was able to create celestial kings, the lord of the Demon Realm, and the Lord of the Sun and Moon. This meant that his power was far above everyone's estimation, and thus, everyone's thoughts were suppressed once again.

This time, even King of Earth's expression became solemn. This Lord of Samsara finally understood that Emperor Of Heaven was even more terrifying. It was still unknown who would emerge victorious in the battle with Gu Chensha.

"Greetings, Lord of the Sun and Moon."

The new Lord of the Sun and Moon, Hua Mingsha, appeared. Starlight descended and turned into Celestial Lords. These Celestial Lords were extremely powerful. When they united, they formed a Heavenly Cycle Formation that had the power to crush everything.

In the past, without the leadership of Lord of the Sun and Moon, the Lords of the Sun and Moon were like headless snakes, unable to exert their power. But now, with Lord of the Sun and Moon, the situation was completely different.

"Now, the Nine Celestial Lords, many stars, Lord of the Sun and Moon, Underworld, God, Immortal, Demon Realm, and Demon Realm have all returned. The order of the Heavenly Court has been established. In a few days, everything will be in place," Lord of the Sun and Moon, Hua Mingsha, said with the tone of a leader.

"We're still missing one," Zhang Ziran suddenly said.

"Yes, we're still missing Heaven Empress."

Lord of the Sun and Moon suddenly appeared. Hua Mingsha looked at Zhang Ziran for a while and said, "But Heaven Empress has come out. She is doing something important. She will appear at our most crucial moment to help us. Her situation is not something we can control." "I think Heaven Empress should be in the Everlasting World."

Zhang Ziran said, "Lou Baiyue took the Empress of Heaven's Source and refined it into his own soul, but His Majesty the Celestial Thearch used a supreme divine ability to recreate the Empress of Heaven's Source, allowing the real Empress of Heaven to be born. This is the way to suppress everything. In the future, when you work for the Heavenly Court, remember not to be half-hearted. Otherwise, the Celestial Thearch can create or destroy you.

"Okay, now let's think about how to destroy Long Xiangtian and the others." Lord of the Sun and Moon said. King of Earth sneered.

He could tell that Hua Mingsha, the newly born Master of Sun and Moon, wanted to be the commander, but Zhang Zhi of the Human Realm also wanted to be the leader. Actually, neither of them could lead him, but he had other ideas, so he just watched from the sidelines.

Who would be the leader of this war was actually a big deal. It meant that whoever took the lead would have priority in obtaining Variation Origin.

As the Heavenly Court's people prepared for war, Long Xiangtian, Liu Chansha, Ye Qingyi, Ji Ningsha, Yun Nisha, and the others, as well as the Ancient Dust Sand's Sand of Civilization, worked together to conquer the Human World. They took over the various Kingdoms and immediately started to offer sacrifices to the Soaring Dragon Celestial Realm. However, it was no longer called the Soaring Dragon Celestial Realm but 'Otherworld'. This name was suggested by Gu Chensha.

He told Ji Ningsha that everyone had obtained Variation Origin. Otherworld was a truth that was different from all living beings, so they should just call it Otherworld.

Ji Ningsha agreed with this suggestion and immediately changed Soaring Dragon Heaven Realm to Otherworld. At first, Long Xiangtian tried his best to oppose this, but everyone agreed and he couldn't do anything about it.

Once the name was changed, even Ji Ningsha felt that her fate had increased. She immediately looked at Gu Chensha's Civilization Sand in a different light. High up in the sky, the eight people stood and looked down at the huge empire below.

Ji Ningsha and Gu Chensha stood side by side: "The empire below was built by 10 Sky Origin Realm cultivators. I suspect there are more hidden cultivators, we need to be careful." "This empire seems to have a lot of people."

Long Xiangtian said: "But it doesn't matter. With so many of us working together, even the Heavenly Court will have to retreat." "Is that so?" Rumble!

A voice sounded. Then, the new Lord of the Sun and Moon Hua Mingsha appeared not far away. Suddenly, Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha's sun and moon came out and flew towards Hua Mingsha.