Chapter 213
===========

Rumble! Gu Huo was serious, and the pressure he exerted on Gu Chensha was truly earth-shattering.

Even when Gu Chensha used the Dragon's Gate, he could not absorb any of Gu Huo's Connate Stellar Energy. The power of his Jindan was extremely condensed and unshakable.

He was on the verge of collapse several times, but he used his strong will to hold on. His Connate Stellar Energy revolved, and he roared like tigers and dragons as he resisted Gu Huo's suction.

"This kid is really resilient. He was on the verge of collapse several times, but he held on. Even with my Jindan Great Path cultivation, I have the upper hand, but I cannot completely absorb him."

Gu Huo used it repeatedly, thinking that it would be easy. His opponent was clearly on the verge of collapse, but his will seemed to come from somewhere, and he was always just a little bit off. He was furious. "If that's the case, then don't blame me. Three Calamities and Nine Disasters! Demon God Possession! " The 12 demon gods changed again, turning into 12 ancient runic characters. This was the true form of the calamity. The 12 ancient characters pressed forward, about to enter Gu Chensha's body.

This was the most vicious method. Once the three calamities and nine disasters entered the body, one would truly be doomed.

"This is the end." At this moment, a strange smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face.

"Oh?"

Gu Huo suddenly felt that something was not right, but he did not think that Gu Chensha could play any tricks. With his Jindan Great Path strength, he did not fear anyone. But in front of Gu Chensha, a crack suddenly appeared, as if some sort of space had been opened. Within the space, a claw reached out.

This claw was not big, and it was shaped like a turtle. As soon as it appeared, it brought with it a monstrous aura, as if all the water in the world was under its control. The aura of a primordial divine beast shook the heavens and earth. Crackle! All of Gu Huo's Protective Stellar Energy dissipated under the light touch of this claw. A Jindan Great Path cultivation could not withstand this turtle claw at all. Besides, he had attacked with all his might, and had not expected Gu Chensha to have a trump card.

"The Black Tortoise!"

He turned pale with fright. He had already smelled the aura of a supreme divine beast from the primordial chaos.

The Four Symbols Divine Beasts — the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise — were the kings of the Divine Beasts. They surpassed the other Divine Beasts and could be said to be existences that adhered to the laws.

The Azure Dragon was of the wood element, suppressing the East, while the White Tiger was of the metal element, suppressing the West.

The Vermilion Bird was of the fire element, suppressing the south. The Black Tortoise was of the water element, suppressing the north.

In the sea, the Black Tortoise's power increased by several times. All the seawater was where its Yuan Qi was. In the sea, even an expert stronger than the Black Tortoise could not do anything to it. The power of the water was under his control.

This time, when Gu Chensha went out to sea, he knew that it was incomparably dangerous, so he secretly brought the Black Tortoise baby out.

However, the Black Tortoise's Divine Beast aura was so powerful that it couldn't be concealed even if it wanted to. Only when the Black Tortoise baby reached adulthood and retracted its aura would it be able to merge with the Laws of Heaven and Earth and not be discovered by others.

Therefore, underage Black Tortoise babies were easy to spy on. They usually stayed by their parents' side, not daring to stray too far away.

However, this Black Tortoise baby was originally a dead egg. After it was awakened by Gu Chensha's Sun and Moon Dragon Blood, it was born with no parents at all.

Originally, it was spied on by many existences in Gu Chensha's castle. However, those powerful existences were wary of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and did not dare to come over. This gave the Black Tortoise baby room to grow.

This time, Gu Chensha brought it out and directly stored it in the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Altar. This concealed all its aura. Not to mention Gu Huo, even the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong could not see through it.

At the crucial moment, as long as he willed it, the space would open up, and the Black Tortoise baby could come out to attack.

The Black Tortoise baby that hatched now had a cultivation far exceeding that of a Jindan Great Path expert. Moreover, it had been fed the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood. The existence of the Sun and Moon Dragon Aura had greatly enhanced the Black Tortoise's bloodline. Its potential was even greater than that of its parents.

The Black Tortoise baby had launched a sudden attack. Moreover, it was in the sea and it circulated the Laws of Water. Furthermore, it was aided by the surrounding environment. How could its attack be something that Gu Huo could compare to?

If the Black Tortoise baby hadn't hidden in the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Altar, Gu Huo would definitely have discovered it. He would not have done this and would have had other plans. But now, it was a miscalculation.

The Black Tortoise baby's claw reached out casually. At the most crucial moment, it grabbed lightly and snatched away Gu Huo's Golden Core.

The moment the Golden Core was snatched away, the 12 Demon Gods let out mournful wails. They turned into black gas and retracted into the Golden Core.

The 12 Demon Gods were formed from the energy of the three calamities and nine disasters. They were originally a part of the Golden Core. Now that the Golden Core was snatched away, the Demon Gods naturally retracted back into the Golden Core.

"You want to snatch my Golden Core?!" Gu Huo roared. Instantly, the Golden Core seemed like it was about to break free from the Black Tortoise's claw.

But the Black Tortoise's claw retracted and returned to the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Altar. The space was sealed and even gods would lose their senses.

"My Golden Core!"

After losing the Golden Core, Gu Huo was almost half-dead. His aura plummeted. The Golden Core was formed from his Primordial Spirit and his Connate Gang Qi. If it was snatched away, his cultivation level would drop by 99%. In the future, his Primordial Spirit would be restored, and he would become a normal person. The Golden Core was where a cultivator's life lay.

"Without the Golden Core, what can you do?" Gu Chensha weaved his hands together, and a huge vortex suddenly formed. The Dragon Gate spat. Weng. Gu Huo could not resist at all, and was sucked into the Dragon Gate. But Gu Chensha did not kill him.

He had planned everything out this time. He had brought the Black Tortoise baby out so that he could capture Gu Huo alive. From him, he could learn many secrets of the Great Wei Dynasty.

Moreover, Bao Ming 'er had many Heavenly Dragon Spirit Gathering Banners. Gu Huo's status was higher than Bao Ming' er's, so he had more banners. Other than that, there were many Dharma treasures that could make him rich.

Even if it was one of the 72 orthodox sects of the Immortal Path, if a Golden Core of the Great Dao disciple appeared in one of their sects, they would announce it to the world and hold a banquet.

An unparalleled genius like Gu Huo had cultivated to the Golden Core of the Great Dao. In the Great Wei Dynasty, he was definitely one of the best. It was not surprising that he knew more secrets than Bao Ming 'er.

Other than that, if he could control this person, he would be able to obtain information about Bao Ming 'er from him. From there, he could make further preparations for subduing Bao Ming' er.

"This time, my plan did not fail. The Black Tortoise baby is indeed powerful. Unfortunately, it is far from being an adult. If it encounters a mighty being like Wen Hong, it will be hard to avoid being captured. Fortunately, there is the Sun Moon Altar. Even a god will not be unable to catch it if it is hidden within."

Gu Chensha resolved this crisis, and suddenly flew to the surface of the sea. Seeing that the fleet was stable, he knew that the battle had not been long. It had only been a few dozen breaths of time.

On the Wild Shark Warship, Long Zaifei and the others were still on standby, ready to deal with the enemy when they came to kill. But they did not expect that just as they were ready, everything would calm down and Gu Chensha would appear.

"Your Highness!" The few of them hurriedly knelt down.

"All of you rise, the matter has been solved."

Gu Chensha waved his hands, "Continue to move. Be careful along the way. Luluha, split a portion of your soul to patrol the bottom of the sea. The rest of you look around. I am going into secluded meditation." "Yes!" Everyone followed the plan in an orderly manner.

Gu Chensha sat quietly in the secret room. The Dragon Gate swallowed and spat out Gu Huo, who had been swallowed within.

When he was spat out, some talismans appeared on Gu Huo's body. They were like chains that locked him up such that he couldn't move at all. Actually, even if he wasn't locked up, Gu Huo, who had lost his Golden Core, wasn't even as strong as someone at Dao Realm Transformation Six.

"Gu Huo, you are such a genius, but you still fell for my trap. An expert at Dao Realm Transformation Eight lost to someone at Transformation Seven. How about it?

In this world, talent and cultivation aren't the only things that can control everything. What do you have to say now? "When Gu Chensha sucked Gu Huo into the Dragon Gate, he searched his body. This person had a bracelet on him. It was actually an ancient item and there was a space within it. This was his storage artifact.

This bracelet was made from some sort of bone. It was as white as jade and there were many stars within. It was really heavy. When Gu Chensha asked that question, he played with the bracelet in his hand.

"I didn't lose to you, so you don't have to act arrogant in front of me."

Gu Huo was really calm, "I know that you have a Xuanwu God Beast but it is young. Many experts want it and you might not dare to bring it out. I didn't expect you to actually dare to use it to sneak attack me. This bracelet is the Star Dragon Hoop that Xuanhuang Dragon Emperor gave me. It is sealed by Xuanhuang Dragon Emperor and you won't be able to open it." "If I kill you, then won't I open it?" Gu Chensha smiled.

"You can't kill me. Although you won this time, took my Golden Core, and even imprisoned me, I have already used the Burning Lamp Technique and lit it up in the main temple of the Great Wei Dynasty, leaving behind a sliver of my Primordial Spirit. As long as I die, my memories can be reborn in the lamp. At that time, the mighty figures of the Great Wei Dynasty will know and rush over to kill you. With their help, I can reform my body. Although I have lost all my cultivation, I still have my talent and experience. I will be able to cultivate it back very quickly." "There's such a wondrous technique?"

Gu Chensha was actually very familiar with the records. He knew that as long as one was of high cultivation and could split their Primordial Spirit, they would have a backup plan. Coupled with the help of experts, they would be hard to kill.

At the end of the Dao Realm, especially with the Undying Body, even if one was torn to pieces, they could still reassemble themselves. Even if there was only a drop of blood left, they could still be reborn.

"We can make a deal."

Gu Huo did not seem to realize that he was being imprisoned. He actually wanted to negotiate with Gu Chensha. "If you let me go, I can give you all the treasures in my Star Dragon Hoop. I will also take my subordinates and retreat. I will give you all the overseas countries. How about that?" "Letting a tiger back into the mountains will bring about endless trouble.

You are a Golden Core Great Dao expert and have many tricks up your sleeve. If not for the Xuanwu's sneak attack, you would definitely have escaped. "

Gu Chensha also knew that although Gu Huo made it sound easy and said that he could be reborn, in reality, this situation was extremely dangerous. There was only a twenty to thirty percent chance that he could be reborn. There was also the possibility that he could die.

And even if he was reborn, it was very likely that he would never be able to cultivate to his current cultivation level.

"So you are saying that you must kill me?" Gu Huo's heart sank.

"That might not be the case."

Gu Chensha's words gave Gu Huo a glimmer of hope. "As long as you are willing to cooperate with me, not only will I not kill you, I can even return your Golden Core to you. Our Great Yongchō and the Great Wei Dynasty are not enemies. Fighting each other is the last resort. Only a win-win situation is a win-win situation. I have already discussed this matter with the Lord of the Treasure Dragon. "