Chapter 1091
============

A Punch Rumble! The universe started to change again. In the universe of the old world, an inconceivable law appeared.

Those who successfully cultivated the Dragonless Heart Art and relied on their own spirit force to awaken would be greatly restricted in the old world. Even their spirit force would become obscure. Other than this, they would even feel hunger and weakness.

Originally, as long as one succeeded in cultivating the Dragonless Cultivation Art and awakened their own spirit force, they basically wouldn't need any external energy. They wouldn't need to eat, drink, or even breathe. Everything would be self-sufficient, and they wouldn't need anything from the external world. The source of their strength was the unfathomably great power in the depths of their heart.

The law of the new world was that those who carried the habits or even imprints of the old world would disappear once they entered the new world. They would lose all of their power and would have to start all over again.

In the past, the Confucianism Ancestor and the others had entered the new world to test it, causing them to lose all of their power.

Of course, this was definitely a good thing for them. If they didn't have this experience, it was very likely that they would already be dead. Currently, the multivariate universe was changing with each passing day. There were countless experts in the Heavenly Dao Realm, not to mention the ancestors in the Heaven Realm. Heaven Realm Ancestors could only be subordinates in the current multivariate universe.

"What a powerful universe."

Even though Zhou Yang had stepped into the Supreme Immortal Realm and spent a thousand years stabilizing the Supreme Immortal Realm and cultivating it to maturity, he still felt the suppression of the old world when he entered it. Even activating his Spirit Power was very difficult, and it was not as smooth as usual.

However, he was not shocked. Instead, he was delighted. "The old world after the four realms merged is basically the highest source. I must quickly grasp this source. That throne …"

He unleashed his Supreme Immortal Realm power, and in an instant, he could see many things in the huge old world.

In the depths of the old world, there seemed to be a huge throne brewing and squirming. This throne was the condensed form of the four realms merged. It was like the throne of the Emperor Heaven in the Land of Infinity. Whoever obtained the throne of the Emperor Heaven would become the supreme ruler. "However, this old world throne is not easy to capture.

Even with my cultivation, it is not easy to capture it. Moreover, in this old world, the power of many protagonists has greatly increased. I was originally one of the protagonists, but after leaving the control of the will of the old world, the will of the old world lost its care for me. It can be said that I am now the enemy of the will of the old world, as well as the enemy of Gu Chensha in the new world. But it doesn't matter. I will subdue them all. "Zhou Yang's body moved, and he directly arrived in a huge and mysterious space in the old world.

The old world was condensed by the four realms merged, and then it devoured hundreds of universes of various sizes. Now, the space in this universe was deep, and it had become a maze. If Zhou Yang had not cultivated to the Supreme Immortal Realm, he would probably have been lost in this universe.

Zhou Yang arrived in this mysterious space, and there was a floating palace. This palace was pure gold, and it was incomparably noble. (This chapter is not over. Please continue.)