Chapter 662
===========

Chang Weiyang knew very well how powerful Gu Chensha was, so after giving him instructions, her body flickered away and she left the dimensional world sphere.

With her current cultivation, apart from celestial venerables, there weren't many in the world who could do anything to her. Gu Chensha wasn't planning on following her to watch the battle.

He had cultivated the Twenty-Seven Transformations of Seamless, but he had more important things to do, and that was to help Qin Han refine the Rulai Kasaya so that he could truly become an indomitable existence.

Qin Han's own cultivation wasn't much, but the Buddha statue on his body and the Rulai Kasaya were some of the strongest magic treasures in the world. If he could completely activate and refine them now, even a Saint wouldn't be able to kill him. That way, Qin Han would also become one of the giants.

For example, Wu Dangkong's own cultivation was only at the Twenty-Five Transformations of Undying Body. But with the help of the Dharma Saint, she took advantage of Xing Qiongshi's injuries to complete the Divine Prefecture Innumerable Fiends Armor and obtain the Divine Prefecture Level 81 Six Paths. That way, even a Saint wouldn't be able to do anything to her. In the blink of an eye, she had also become a giant.

Since the Sky Demons wanted to invade the Human Dragon League, Gu Chensha naturally had to beat them at their own game and capture as many of their experts as he could. To him, the Sky Demons were simply a huge source of wealth. Rumble! His true body once again descended onto the body of Fang Lin.

In just a few breaths of time, the Bow of Liberation and the Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence were still inside Qin Han's body, and they began to merge with the Rulai Kasaya.

The monstrous demonic energy within the Rulai Kasaya suddenly erupted, but Gu Chensha secretly activated his power and joined forces with the Buddhist Sect to suppress it.

The dimensional world's enormous power poured in, instantly suppressing the Rulai Kasaya to the point where it couldn't move.

Even if the Sky Demons used a dimensional world to fight against the Celestial Tranquility Department, they might not be able to win, much less the Demonic Will within the Rulai Kasaya. The Sky Demons had underestimated Gu Chensha.

They thought that they wouldn't be detected if they infiltrated the Human Dragon League, but how could they hide from Gu Chensha's keen senses?

Gu Chensha had been keeping an eye on the frontline of the Human-Dragon League at all times. How could he have been infiltrated by the Devil Race?

A mass of demonic will that seemed to belong to an Empyrean level powerhouse was sealed, pulled out, and expelled. He wanted the Tathagata Kasaya to return to its original state.

"How dare you ruin my plan."

Just as the Demonic Will was sealed, a boundless will descended, one that pierced through time and space, one that dominated the heavens and the earth, one that made ghosts and gods submit to it. Instantly, the Demonic Will that had been sealed exploded, almost bursting out of the seal. It descended upon the Divine Prefecture, causing the Divine Prefecture to sink and the earth to turn upside down.

"You still want to struggle at a time like this? You're just giving me more power."

Gu Chensha sneered. He knew that the Unparalleled Demon Lord who had set up this Tathagata Kasaya to control the Qin and Han would definitely not be willing to let this chess piece be destroyed just like that. But so what? If it was that simple, the Devil Race would have defeated the Yongchō long ago.

Now that Gu Chensha had joined forces with the Buddhist Sect, even if the Devil Race came out in full force, they wouldn't be able to do anything, much less a mere powerhouse of the Devil Race. Gu Chensha allowed the Demonic Will to traverse through time and space and pour into it. This chapter is not finished, please continue.

As the Demonic Will grew stronger and stronger, he suddenly activated the power of the dimensional realm, directly cutting off the source of the Demonic Will. Then, the Demonic Will was absorbed into the World Tree, devoured, and refined. Gradually, a pure and transparent Heavenly Demon Relic was formed on the World Tree.

Then, the Heavenly Demon Relic suddenly split apart, turning into 360 balls of air that pierced through the air and entered the bodies of the 360 Marshals.

This way, all of the Marshals' spirits soared, and their cultivation rose once again. Their calculation abilities were greatly enhanced, and the Way of Governing a Nation naturally became easier. Bang!

Qin Han's body glowed brightly, and he completely grasped the Tathagata Kasaya. The Kasaya transformed at will, turning into a scholar's robe, making him look elegant and suave. He had the aura of a scholar, and it could be said that he was one with Zen and Confucianism. And he still didn't know all that Gu Chensha had done.

In his opinion, he had suddenly comprehended the principles, and then there was a wave that caused the Tathagata Kasaya to tremble.

He couldn't possibly have seen that Gu Chensha had just reached an agreement with the Buddhist Sect and obtained all of their civilization's legacies. Gu Chensha himself had also risen to the 27 Transformations, and his strength had increased greatly. At the same time, he had refined the Demonic Will left behind by the Heavenly Venerable level expert in the Tathagata Kasaya. Gu Chensha's benefits were completely above his.

Only someone like Gu Chensha, with such power, could negotiate with the Buddhist Sect, help them reform their teachings, and revitalize them. Of course, Gu Chensha wouldn't go back on his promise to the Buddhist Sect. He would definitely help Qin Han.

Silently, he put away the Freemasonry Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows, which had turned into Fu characters, and said to Qin Han, "Congratulations, President, for comprehending the supreme secret. Given time, as long as you raise your cultivation, you'll be able to completely control the Tathagata Kasaya and become a big shot." "That's right. I've now completely grasped the Tathagata Kasaya."

Qin Han said, "A Divine level expert, even a Saint, might not be able to kill me. But just now, I had a flash of inspiration, and obtained a lot of information. I discovered that the core of the Tathagata Kasaya has already been demonized. I didn't obtain this treasure by the Buddhist Sect's fortuitous encounter, but by the Heavenly Demon Clan's scheme. Luckily, I comprehended the supreme dao, and somehow obtained the support of the Buddhist Sect's power, dispelling the hidden dangers left behind by the Heavenly Demon Clan."

"This Qin Han thought that it was a trick of the Buddhist Sect, but he didn't know that it was my divine technique."

Gu Chensha didn't expose him, but said fiercely, "If that's the case, then those three monks, Yuan Guang, Yuan Yan, and Yuan Hun, aren't real disciples of the Buddhist Sect? Instead, they're Heavenly Demons in disguise? In order to infiltrate our Human Dragon League and wreak havoc in the world? " "That's about right."

Qin Han said, "I comprehended it completely just now. The Heavenly Demon Clan wants to control our Human Dragon League in an attempt to encroach on the Buddhist Sect, break the seal on the Sin Province, and wreak havoc in the world. How could it be that easy?

However, these three Heavenly Demons are adept at transformation, and their cultivation is extremely profound. If I'm not wrong, these three Heavenly Demons are the old antiques of the Heavenly Demon Clan, Divine level experts. It's very difficult to suppress them, and we can't alert them. If they start causing trouble, it'll be extremely difficult. " "Looks like we'll have to inform the Celestial Tranquility Bureau about this."

Gu Chensha said, "Let the Celestial Tranquility Bureau know, and subdue these three Heavenly Demons with lightning speed."

"That's the only way," Qin Han said, "My own cultivation is too low. If I can reach a higher realm, I'll …" If this chapter isn't finished, please turn the page. I can suppress these three Heavenly Demons. " "Now, President, please make a decision," Gu Chensha said.

"Inform the Celestial Tranquility Bureau immediately, and strengthen our cooperation. I want to reform the Buddhist Sect, and I need the Celestial Tranquility Bureau's help. Otherwise, it'll be difficult to continue." Qin Han made a prompt decision. Meanwhile, on a mountain near the Bottomless Sea of Sin in the Sin Province.

The three monks, Yuan Guang, Yuan Dark, and Yuan Hun, stood side by side, looking at the depths of the Bottomless Sea of Sin in the distance. The Demon Qi was boiling, and many demons would rush out from time to time, flying to various parts of the Divine Prefecture in an attempt to wreak havoc.

In the land of the Sin Province, all kinds of temples and halls had been built, dazzling with gold and jade. At least tens of millions of troops of the Demon Race had been enlightened and turned into Guardian Vajras.

These Guardian Vajras were physically strong, and had great advantages in construction, planting, production, breeding, and reclamation. Apart from that, their minds were simple, and they only did three things every day: plowing, fighting, and offering sacrifices.

"Plowing" was a general term that included all production and construction.

"Fighting" was fighting against the Demon Race.

"Offering" was naturally chanting sutras, praying, and offering sacrifices.

"The Buddhist Sect has enlightened at least 20 to 30 million troops of the Demon Race, and all of them have been turned into Guardian Vajras. What they do every day is plowing, war, and offering sacrifices. Look at the main temple of the Human-Dragon Union. A Buddha has already condensed, and the Microscopic World is operating within it. It is constantly absorbing the power of faith from various temples to strengthen itself." Yuan Guang pointed at the main temple of the Human-Dragon Union in the Sin Province.

As far as the eye could see, more than half of the entire Sin Province was occupied by the Human-Dragon Union. Thousands of temples had been built, and with each temple as the center, a large number of Guardian Vajras carried out production, war, and sacrifices.

Apart from this, there were also many businessmen and adventurers who came here to trade with the Human Dragon Gang. The trade was extremely prosperous. For a time, the luck here was rolling. Although it was under the pressure of the Demon Race's army, it was actually flourishing.

"The explosive power of the Buddhist Sect is extremely tyrannical, but because the doctrine emphasizes nirvana and not reproduction, there is no new blood. They can only absorb foreign believers. If this continues, they will definitely fall.

But now the Buddhist Sect is taking advantage of our invasion to absorb and digest our army to strengthen themselves. How hateful, "Yuan Guang thought.

"This is a good thing."

Yuan Hun's expression was very solemn. "What they are absorbing is not the power of our race, but the power of the Pygmy Demon Race, the Zombie Race, the Blood Demon Race, the Bone Demon Race, the Sheep-headed Demon Race, the Ox-headed Demon Race, the Horse-faced Demon Race, and other Demon Races. These Demon Races have always been independent and do not listen to our race's orders. Sometimes, they even join forces against our race and let the Buddhist Sect weaken their power.

This is very useful for our race to unify the Demon Realm in the future and open up a source of faith. To be honest, if our race can subdue all the Demon Race and make them worship our Demon Ancestor, the power of faith accumulated over the years is enough to turn our Demon Realm into a Greater Thousand World! " "Then what's our plan now?

Do we destroy the Human-Dragon Union? "Yuan Guang knew that the operation this time was all presided over by Yuan Hun.

"No, we need to support the Human-Dragon Union and thoroughly strengthen it to fight against the Imperial Court. At the same time, we need to borrow the power of the Human-Dragon Union and the Buddhist Sect to suppress the other Demon Races and even severely injure them. This is the foundation for our Heavenly Demon Race to unify the Demon Realm. When that time comes, we will have contributed immeasurably. We will definitely be able to comprehend the Primordial Heart Devil and enter the supreme realm of immortality."