Chapter 1006
============

Playing Casually Casually Playing Casually

"Dragonless Heart Sutra, Mysterious Profound, Ghost God Transformation, Only I Am Freedom." Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen began his own cultivation.

Gradually, the Dragonless Heart Sutra's profound kept revolving in his body. Rings of light appeared on top of his head. These rings of light flickered, containing a very profound cultivation.

"Dragonless Heart Sutra is actually so mysterious? It's really tyrannical. "

Xia Chen couldn't believe it. With just a bit of cultivation, the purity of the power in his body was far higher than when he had his fortuitous encounter.

"Cut off karma, cut off all living things, I am invincible, there is no me in the world." Xia Chen revolved again. Many changes were born in his body.

Waves of power gushed out from the depths of his heart like a fountain. He didn't need to absorb the power of the human world. Instead, an endless amount of divine power was born from the depths of his heart. This divine power not only filled his body, but also overflowed and began to change the surrounding environment.

In short, the change after he cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra was that he didn't need to absorb any energy from the outside world. Instead, the energy gushed out from his body, making the outside world richer.

Soon, the dry well he was in was dyed by his power. Flowers bloomed and turned into a magnificent scene.

As for those fortuitous encounter treasures, Mysterious Sky Nine Divine Pill, Yin Yang Limitless Technique, Seven Li Fire Reverse Sword, Immortal Tune True Dragon Wine, Sun Moon Ghost God Blade and Wordless Sutra, he didn't take any of them.

"Now I know the profoundness of the Dragonless Heart Sutra. These treasures are actually not worth mentioning in front of the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Treasures are actually external powers. The Dragonless Heart Sutra fully develops the divine power from the depths of one's heart. This is true power. I finally know why Gu Chensha is so tyrannical." Xia Chen said fiercely. He let out a long roar in the dry well: "In this rebirth, I will surpass my previous life!

Gu Chensha, you sent me into reincarnation and let me be reborn. This is nothing. As long as I don't die, you will die! "

As soon as he finished speaking, the scenery around him suddenly changed. He found himself back on the mountain peak. In front of him was still the chessboard. His Heaven Realm power had also returned to his body. He was still the Reverse Ancestor. The rebirth just now was like a dream. Gu Chensha was still sitting in front of him, looking at him with a faint smile. At the same time, Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan appeared, recovering his strength. Clearly, he had the same experience as Xia Chen. He had been reborn and returned.

Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen's expression changed when he saw that Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan hadn't woken up, but had materialized from space-time instead. He knew that everything that had just happened wasn't an illusion. It was real. Gu Chensha had really sent them to the past.

With their strength, they were still unable to return to the past. If it was the Heaven Realm within their bodies, they would have the ability to reverse the flow of time. However, the Human Realm was too strong. The power of time and space was almost indestructible and irresistible. They did not have the power to return to the Human Realm. Even if they were thousands of times stronger, they would not be able to do that.

They were like a small fish in a long river, only able to follow the flow. They could not reverse the flow of the river, nor could they go upstream. However, Gu Chensha could easily do that.

"You … You're actually so strong. With your current cultivation, you can probably kill Emperor Of Heaven with a flick of your finger. Why aren't you attacking?" Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen said with a trembling voice.

"Why would I want to kill Emperor Of Heaven? A giant fruit grew out of the tree you planted. Are you going to pluck it and throw it away?" Gu Chensha smiled.

"Did we really just rebirth?" Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan's voice was also trembling. It was as if a chill had appeared in the depths of his heart.

"I've returned your cultivation. Do you think it's an illusion or rebirth?" Gu Chensha asked. "With your cultivation, it shouldn't be hard for you to understand." "We have indeed been reborn, Destiny Ancestor."

Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen said. "You can see that the timeline is completely distorted. If it was an illusion, we wouldn't be able to see it so clearly."

"In other words, Gu Chensha, you can instantly make the entire Human Realm return to a thousand years ago?

In front of you, the Human World is like a toy that you can control as you please? "Fate Ancestor Lin Fan was completely terrified.

"You can say that I can change the human world at will. Everyone's cultivation base, including the Celestial Emperors, I can make them lose their cultivation base in an instant, become ordinary people, and then be reborn again. In any case, as long as it's my idea, I can turn it into reality." Gu Chensha said, "This is the realm of doing as one pleases. What do you think?

I've reborn you to a thousand years ago. When you were just starting to make a name for yourselves, I didn't think that you would think of the Dragonless Heart Sutra at the same time. In this way, you can be said to be on the right path. " "What do you want?" Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan and Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen asked.

"It's very simple. I want you to comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra. You won't need to steal any vitality. Instead, you'll provide vitality to heaven and earth."

Gu Chensha said. "Think about it. If all living beings learn the Dragonless Heart Sutra and comprehend the supreme secret of self-sufficiency, they won't need to absorb anything from the Human Realm. Instead, they'll feed it back to the Human Realm. What will the entire world look like?" "What's in it for you?"

Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan and Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen weren't moved by Gu Chensha. When they were sent into reincarnation and reborn, they swore to deal with Gu Chensha. Therefore, even after coming out of reincarnation, they still had a great deal of hatred for Gu Chensha. But Gu Chensha didn't care about this.

"I don't need any benefits. Moreover, the entire universe is changing. It's me who is changing."

Gu Chensha said, "All of you still hate me in your hearts. I can see that all of you think that you are the main characters of this great world. In the deepest part of your souls, there is a spirit of supremacy. However, when you see that my cultivation far surpasses yours, you are filled with jealousy and want to replace me. Everyone has this mentality, and there is nothing wrong with it. Because in these thousand years, your fate energy has always been flourishing, and you are almost invincible. You have developed this kind of thinking, thinking that you are the only main character. This is also what I did on purpose.

In the near future, I'll establish a dynasty. You'll all become my subjects. I'll clean up the Human Realm and let most of the living beings comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra as soon as possible. They'll become self-sufficient and give back to heaven and earth. " "You want to establish a dynasty?

If we don't accept it, will you kill us? "Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan and Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen were shocked.

"You'll accept it."

Gu Chensha said. "If you don't accept it, I'll change your hearts. I hope you understand what's at stake. Don't force me to do anything." As he spoke, Gu Chensha vanished from sight.

Looking at the place where Gu Chensha disappeared, the chair was still there. The two of them combined their powers and poured all of their power into the chair. But the chair didn't budge. It couldn't be destroyed at all.

"What?

Even the chair he created can't be destroyed? "The two of them finally realized that Gu Chensha was toying with them like they were ants.

"Xia Chen, how can there be such a strong person in the world?"

Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan seemed to have lost all of his confidence and power. "If Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven were about the same level, we would have the confidence to beat him. But the way I see it, the Emperor Of Heaven is like an ant in front of Gu Chensha." "We're just a bunch of ants. We're just a little bit bigger."

Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen's heart was filled with an unwillingness to accept this. "I can't accept this. I can't accept this. We're all humans. Why is he so strong, and we're just ants? One day, I'll reach his level, and maybe even defeat him. If he can reach his level, that means we can too. We're all humans, and the Dragonless Heart Technique says that once you reach the pinnacle, there will be no difference between life and death." "That's right. We do have hope of reaching that level."

Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan added. "Actually, we've benefited from this as well. Our horizons have been broadened, and we've all gained enlightenment on the Dragonless Heart Technique. Don't you feel like the power of the deathless has become purer?

Originally, with the two of us working together, we could suppress Fa Wuxian, but we couldn't kill him. But it's different now. After gaining enlightenment on the Dragonless Heart Technique, we can create traps. Trap him, enter it, and kill him directly. "

"From this, it can be seen that Gu Chensha is actually rearing pigs." Xia Chen said. "Once this pig is reared, we can make Fa Wuxian suffer the consequences of his actions." "Then are we going to kill Fa Wuxian or not?" Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan asked.

"Kill? Why not?"

Xia Chen smiled coldly. "Gu Chensha has given us such a good opportunity. If we don't kill Fa Wuxian, we'll be letting down his nurturing." "Then shall we start planning now? You and I will work together? "

Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan said. "Right now, Xia Chen, it's impossible for you to live a carefree life. We have to struggle, fight, and do everything we can to raise our strength and realm. Because the entire human world, heaven and earth, space, time, past, present, and future are all Gu Chensha's testing grounds. We want to leave this testing ground. We have to work hard. " "Indeed, I need to change my mindset. I can't live a carefree life anymore."

Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen said. "Let's go, we'll work together to find Fa Wuxian. Right now, he doesn't have any help from any faction. He's a lone wolf. If we kill him, there'll be more people coming to beat us up." The two of them flashed and disappeared. At this moment. Even the heavens and earth were trembling non-stop.

In a certain secret place in the human world, Fa Wuxian was also cultivating. A ball of devouring power revolved and formed some sort of door.

"What a terrifying existence. Right now, Gu Chensha is plotting against you. We can work together." Fa Wuxian was actually communicating with that terrifying existence.