Chapter 390
===========

"Heaven and Earth Condensing Core!"

Gu Chensha absorbed Spirit Qi and Immortal Qi. After seven days and seven nights, a small Golden Core suddenly condensed in the Yuzhen acupoint at the back of his head. This Golden Core was not as big as his Natal Golden Core, only the size of a soybean. This was one of the techniques.

His physical body was very strong, so condensing many Golden Cores in his acupoints was not a big deal. It would not cause damage to his physical body.

Originally, it was impossible for him to absorb Immortal Qi when he did not have Dharmic powers. However, he had more or less comprehended some Great Massacre Divine Arts, and in addition to the Hundred Worlds Festival, it was very easy for him to absorb Immortal Qi.

Condensing a Golden Core was not easy. If he did not have so many fortuitous encounters and could not absorb Immortal Qi, it would probably take more than seven months to condense a second Golden Core.

"Next, we need to raise the Heavenly Demon Tree. The Common People's Wish sphere will not be able to create some Dharma treasures, and it will not be able to break the void to help us fight."

After condensing the second Golden Core, Gu Chensha did not continue cultivating. "Our combat power has decreased."

"It's fine. As long as we kill more demons for the Heavenly Demon Tree, it will not only accelerate its growth, but it also has many mysteries. However, this is secondary. It is best for us to obtain the Connate Five Elements Spirit Flags, the Southern Burning Fire Flag, the Western Geng Killing Flag, the Northern Ninth Dark Flag, and the Eastern Second Wood Life Spirit Flag.

After the Heavenly Demon Tree devours these four spirit flags, it will save a thousand years of condensing. "

Zhuge Ya was not in a hurry. "Apart from that, as long as it is a Dharma treasure or material with spirituality, the tree can also accelerate its growth after devouring it." "Where can we find the four Connate Five Elements Spirit Flags?" Gu Chensha asked.

"I have an idea," Zhuge Ya said. "Didn't you accept an expert called Hong Wending? An exiled disciple of the State Dynasty Profound Gate?

Behind this person, there is actually an expert. That expert has a Primordial Spiritual Treasure, a type of Directionless Flag. If I'm not wrong, it should be the Southern Third Flame Prairie Burning Flag. Only this flag can gain a foothold in the Infernal domain and refine the demonic nature. "

"Right now, the Common People's Wish sphere lacks vitality. All of it has been taken away by the Heavenly Demon Tree sapling. If we can obtain the Azure Dragon Blood, won't we be able to speed up the Heavenly Demon Tree's evolution?" Jin Suibo said. "Hong Wending is a small matter. The most important thing right now is for the Heavenly Demon Tree to grow."

"Right now, there's only a Saint-level Azure Dragon in the depths of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, but it did leave behind a lot of blood."

Zhuge Ya had a profound look in his eyes. "I've been eyeing this Azure Dragon for a long time. Since it gave birth to the Azure Dragon egg, we can use it. The best way to hatch the Azure Dragon egg was the Sun-Moon Dragon Blood. There were some green dragon eggs in the Black Heaven Earth Gate.

She must have found a way to get in touch with Wu Dangkong and get the Sun-Moon Dragon Blood from Wu Dangkong to hatch it. This gave us an opportunity. I think Wu Dangkong also hopes to get a Azure Dragon egg.

This way, I can work with her again and get something from the Black Heaven Earth Gate. Apart from that, I can also pull her and the Black Heaven Earth Gate to the opposite side. " "Mister Zhuge made a series of plans, but I wasn't able to complete them."

Gu Chensha sighed, "I didn't manage to capture Jing Qiu, Fa Wuxian, and I didn't manage to take back the Myrtle Imperial Star's profundity. Also, I didn't have time to negotiate with the Xing Qiong Clan." Zhuge Ya made many plans, all of them interlocking. These plans were handed over to Gu Chensha, but Gu Chensha was met with many obstacles.

"If the plan goes smoothly, then His Majesty won't need to go into seclusion. There are many manipulators behind the scenes, and there are many powers behind Jing Qiu. There are even three Celestial Venerables involved, and Fa Wuxian is an innate saint with great fortune."

Zhuge Ya waved his hand. "Your Highness doesn't need to blame yourself. You've done very well to get to this point. Your Highness has gained a lot. You've stimulated the Emperor's bloodline, crushed the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, Black Tortoise, North Star, and God of Seasons bloodlines, and merged them into your own bloodline. This is your greatest gain. Your future achievements are limitless.

Now that Your Highness's talent has improved, you're almost half an Innate Saint. In time, if you can merge with the Emperor's bloodline and refine the profoundness within, it won't be a problem for you to surpass me. " "Mister Zhuge, you must be joking." Gu Chensha quickly waved his hand.

"Your Highness, do you think I'm complimenting you? Then you're gravely mistaken. "

Zhuge Ya said solemnly, "The Emperor's bloodline is the most unique bloodline in the world. It's far superior to the Sun and Moon Dragon bloodlines. If it can be stimulated and merged, surpassing me is nothing." "I don't know how to stimulate it either. This thing came out of nowhere."

Gu Chensha thought hard about the flash of inspiration during the battle with Fa Wuxian, but he still couldn't figure it out.

"Let's not think about it for now."

Zhuge Ya said, "Summon that Hong Wending over. Mister Suibo will get in touch with him. If this person is used well, we can dig out the existence behind him, and we might even have a chance to cause trouble for the Mystical School of the State."

"The Mystical School of the State seems to have never made a clear stand since the establishment of the Tranquil Immortal Department," Lou Baiyue asked, "It's not like the Crimson Firmament Mystical School who sent people to assassinate us so blatantly."

"The Mystical School of the State plays dirty tricks. What they often do is to assist the emperor among the people to overthrow the dynasty, and from there, obtain the Emperor's Qi during the change of dynasty," Jin Suibo reported, "The founders of their school are the two ancient Emperors, She and Ji.

After they abdicated, they were well-versed in the secrets of the Emperors. The Painting of Country and Country that they refined can not only suppress the destiny of a school, but also absorb the Emperor's Qi.

When Emperor Wu founded the dynasty, it was replaced by a new dynasty, the Liang Dynasty, which was supported by the Mystical School of the State. The founding emperor of the Liang Dynasty directly conferred the Mystical School of the State as the Imperial Preceptor, and then worshiped the two ancient Emperors of the State and Ji. In fact, it was the blessing of the country's destiny and the Emperor's Qi into it, and obtained sufficient benefits. "

"I've heard of this story as well," Gu Chensha asked, "So now that you're saying it, the Mystical School of the State is doing the same thing?"

"According to my investigations, the Mystical School of the State has already secretly chosen many agents among the people, and the Jing family is one of them. Of course, if Jing Qiu fails and is suppressed by us, the Mystical School of the State will give up on him and choose another agent."

Jin Suibo said, "His Highness and the Countess asked me to reorganize the immortal path, and I've already made some progress. Right now, there are a total of one thousand one hundred and twenty-three sects that have submitted to us and paid taxes to us. After a long period of testing, there are only a hundred and thirty sects that are truly loyal to the Tranquil Immortal Department and want to do something big. The rest are all fence-sitters. "

"That's understandable," Lou Baiyue said, "As long as they pay taxes, they're good officials, and we can give them benefits." "Next, I'll go to the seabed near Precious Jade Nation and negotiate with that Xing Qiong's head."

Gu Chensha knew that he still had something important to do. "If we can obtain its bloodline, Mister Zhuge's chances of obtaining the World Burying Coffin will be much higher." "Indeed, even if I can't obtain the World Burying Coffin, I can still use its power.

Moreover, Xing Qiong's bloodline contains great mysteries and endless ancient secrets. If we can obtain it, we'll have a lot of resources. This bloodline can also catalyze the growth of the Heavenly Demon Tree. It's even more wondrous than the Azure Dragon bloodline, "Zhuge Ya said.

"I'll be careful about this."

Gu Chensha looked at the Heavenly Demon Tree sapling again. It was still the size of wheat and couldn't make any Transcendent Artifacts. It was still in its growth period, which lowered the overall strength of the Tranquil Immortal Department.

In the past, the Tranquil Immortal Department's Common People's Wish sphere produced many medicinal pills, Transcendent Artifacts, and even machines and puppets. They were continuously transported to various places, supporting a huge commercial network. Now, however, they were out of stock.

The remnants of the Buzhou Palace and the Dragon's Gate had been devoured by the Heavenly Demon Tree, and the sapling couldn't produce anything at all.

Gu Chensha calculated that it would probably take decades before the Heavenly Demon Tree could produce anything to support the massive commercial operations of the Tranquil Immortal Department.

In other words, not only could the Heavenly Demon Tree not provide offensive power, but it also couldn't produce treasures. Instead, it was a burden on the Common People's Wish sphere. Moreover, it still needed to be fed by Gu Chensha and the others. It was as if they had invited a lazy ancestor to come back and serve him. Of course, once the Heavenly Demon Tree matured, its growth would be explosive.

The Tranquil Immortal Department would then truly be on par with the 72 Mystical Gates of the Immortal Dao.

After all, the Heavenly Demon Tree was now a young god. It could absorb primordial chaos energy, break it down, refine it, and transform it. It was stronger than most gods, and its potential wasn't something that gods could compare to.

It was a strange object with the characteristics of the Primordial Tree. Countless ancient demon sages had tried to cultivate one, but they all failed. Of course, there were some who succeeded, but they all met with all kinds of calamities and were destroyed. In short, the power of the Heavenly Demon Tree was equivalent to a heaven-defying object.

When this object was born, there were many calamities. Of course, the Tranquil Immortal Department wasn't afraid of them.

"The Heavenly Demon Tree was refined by some ancient demon sages, and there were successful examples. We can also find the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree that met with calamity and fuse them into the sapling, which will speed up its growth.

The growth of the Heavenly Demon Tree is simply too slow. Our Tranquil Immortal Department can't wait that long. If it can't produce any treasures in two or three years, all the trade routes will be occupied by the Scenic Martial Merchant Association, the National Games, and the Hongyun Games. "Lou Baiyue had also digested the memory fragments of the ancient demon sages.

"The Scenic Martial Merchant Association has already been changed to the Clearsky Merchant Association. The Jing Family rebelled and was uprooted by our Tranquil Immortal Department. This has caused quite a stir among the aristocratic families." Jin Suibo revealed the latest news.

"This Wu Dangkong is quite bold. He even took Jing Qiu's share.

Isn't he afraid of Jing Qiu's revenge? "Gu Chensha had been busy with cultivation recently, so he hadn't paid attention to these matters.

"He still has some connections with Jing Qiu," The Fourth said. "Changing his name is just a way to avoid conflict." "Jing Qiu is a difficult person to deal with."

Gu Chensha thought about it. Even Zhuge Ya hadn't been able to take him down. It was clear that this person had many tricks up his sleeves.