Chapter 699
===========

"The advancement of the Heavenly Dao Arts to the Divine level is no small matter. It's definitely not something that can be achieved just because one wants to. After the advancement, there will be great tribulations waiting for him. We can take this opportunity to kill this lad completely.

"This is also a good opportunity to kill this lad. We mustn't miss this opportunity. "

From Wan Senshi's words, he gradually paid more attention to Gu Chensha and the Department of Tranquility. "The power of the Paramita Mountain is truly not to be underestimated. After all, the Buddhist sects had once built up countless civilizations and merged them together. The accumulated power is even greater than ours." Over the years, due to the fall of the tribulations, their power has declined. However, I can clearly see that with the Department of Tranquility's operations, they have reformed the Buddhist sects' teachings and integrated them into the imperial court's civilization. Zen culture has appeared, and a large number of scholars who are free to go out into the world and do as they please have appeared. They rebuke Buddha and their ancestors, and they are extremely powerful. Under the lead of this trend of thought, it has brought great benefits to the Buddhist sects. It's like they have been reborn from the ashes. "

"I'm impressed by the Department of Tranquility, especially that Gu Chensha. To think that he was able to reform the Buddhist sects' teachings to such an extent."

The Immortal Master nodded as well. "The greatest weakness of the Buddhist sects' teachings is that they don't settle down and multiply. This causes the number of people in the civilization to dwindle, eventually leading to a decline." "The teachings now are simple and clear. Regardless of whether one is a monk or at home, it's all cultivation, and everything depends on one's heart to comprehend.

"The Immortal Master has already flourished. Everyone is carefree and carefree, and their mental states are perfect and clear. They won't be affected by worldly affairs or the troubles of cultivation." After this culture was spread out, the people of Yongchō accepted this culture and integrated into the civilization. They had fewer troubles and negative emotions, and from then on, the country's fortune became even more prosperous and perfect, becoming invincible. " The Immortal Master had a deeper understanding of certain things than Wan Senshi. Gu Chensha had changed the Buddhist sects' civilization into the Zen culture.

The scholars who had accepted the Zen culture were carefree and did not stick to a single pattern. They rebuked Buddha and their ancestors, did not believe in or worship them, had fewer troubles, and gained more wisdom. They could be said to be the perfect embodiment of the Buddhist sects' civilization.

As a result, not only did the fallen Buddhist Sect rise from the ashes like a phoenix rising from the ashes, the Yongchō civilization was also infused with a clear stream of energy. At this stage, the Yongchō's population of over 20 billion would be filled with talents, and the civilization would become even stronger. Multiple civilizations of this level were necessary elements to form a powerful empire.

"Immortal Lord, you're not a simple person either. You've established the Celestial Designer Institution, and you're using prehistoric civilization to take root. Most of the common people are now using the products of the Celestial Designer Institution. As you spread the word, the common people will be able to enjoy the benefits of the Celestial Designer Institution and accept your prehistoric civilization concepts. Unknowingly, you've gained control of the hearts of the people, and there's nothing the Bureau of Calmness can do about it. You are the one who is invincible in infiltration, "Wan Senshi said.

"Calming Immortal Division cannot be underestimated. They are also researching prehistoric civilizations, also seizing the market, merging with immortal dao civilization, producing a brand new civilization."

The Immortal Master did not relax in the slightest. "Who would have thought that a few puny fellows would be able to force you and me to this extent. It's truly inconceivable."

"That's why you have to help me suppress Gu Chensha this time. As long as he rescues Yuhuan Lu in this trap of the New Divine Prefecture, he will have to reveal his tracks. Even we can't detect his Heavenly Dao magic. He has infiltrated the New Divine Prefecture silently, but now that Yuhuan Lu is here, he will have to reveal his magic power in order to rescue her. If we catch any clues, then the New Divine Prefecture will become a man-eating maw, and he won't be able to return!" Wan Senshi said.

"Did you also contact the Celestial Venerables of the Xuanhuang Expanse Cosmos, the Central Expanse Cosmos, the Saha Expanse Cosmos, the Jambu Expanse Cosmos, and the Divine Abilities Expanse Cosmos? If I'm not wrong, the Celestial Venerables of these Expanse Cosmos have also sensed the changes in their Expanse Cosmos. The impact of the Cosmic Tide and the decay of all sorts of tribulations have caused those Expanse Cosmos to show signs of collapse and instability. Thus, many of the big shots living in those Expanse Cosmos have come to the Land of Infinity. First, it's to avoid being buried with the Expanse Cosmos when it collapses. Second, it's to come to the Central Divine Prefecture to try their luck. They're trying to break free from the restraints of the Expanse Cosmos.

You should know that for those below the Celestial Venerables, if the Expanse Cosmos they were born in collapses, then no matter where they hide, they will still perish due to the cycle of karma. Only those who have cultivated to the Celestial Venerables level and are beyond the Three Realms and the Five Elements will be spared. However, they will still be greatly weakened by the Qi activity, "the Immortal Master said.

In the depths of the endless multiverse and the turbulence of time and space, there were many Expanse Cosmos. Those were born from the Big Bang of Chaos and were not something that could be created by humans. These Expanse Cosmos gave birth to countless living beings and powerful beings.

Of course, the Expanse Cosmos was also restricted by the Heavenly Dao. Now that the calamities were on the rise, the Expanse Cosmos was far inferior to the Endless World of the Mainland of Infinity. Hence, many of the powerful beings from the Expanse Cosmos would come to the Endless World of the Mainland of Infinity to hide from the flames. At the same time, they would attempt to obtain some fortuitous encounters and obtain the acknowledgement of the Source of the Mainland of Infinity. That way, they would be able to avoid the fate of perishing due to the destruction of their mother world.

The mother world and the cultivators within it were connected by blood and flesh. They were connected by karma. If the mother world was completely destroyed, the living beings born within it would not be able to escape the fate of perishing as well. This was the Heaven's Perception.

Only those who had cultivated to the Celestial Venerables level and were beyond the Three Realms and the Five Elements would be able to break free from the worries of the mother world. If the world was destroyed, they would not perish.

However, the Celestial Venerables who were born in the Expanse Cosmos would also be greatly affected if the Expanse Cosmos was destroyed. Their cultivation base would be reduced by at least half.

Since ancient times, when the calamities came, many of the powerful beings in the Expanse Cosmos would come to the Endless World in search of opportunities.

"The Great Wei Dynasty's Heavenly Yellow Dragon Emperor was the son of the Heavenly Yellow Lord, a big shot of the Heavenly Yellow Great World.

This was also the Heavenly Yellow Lord's plan in the Endless World's Desolate Sea. He used the Way of Heaven and Earth to infiltrate the Desolate Sea in an attempt to obtain the Desolate Sea's Heart and even enter the Divine Central Continent. It's a pity that the Celestial Calmness Department and the Yongchō were too strong. Instead, they established the Small Divine Prefecture on the sea as a base and formed a Minor Chiliocosm. Not only did the Great Wei Dynasty lose the chance to attack, but they also had to guard against the Yongchō's attacks. "

Wan Senshi naturally knew the general situation of the world like the back of his hand. "I've also observed that Wen Hong has already infiltrated the Great Wei Dynasty and contacted many forces, preparing to overthrow the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor and establish the imperial court. In this way, if the Great Wei Dynasty's population of more than 50 billion falls into the hands of the Yongchō, I'm afraid that the Celestial Calmness Department's accumulation will be complete. When that time comes, it will be difficult for us to suppress them."

"50 billion people. If managed well, the power of faith that can be produced will be astonishing. If managed well, the people's hearts will be united, and it will be enough to support the operation of our medium-class realm. It might even be able to push the medium-class realm to a high-speed rotation level," the Immortal Master said.

"This requires a talent who is proficient in the way of governance. Neither you nor I have such a talent."

Wan Senshi said, "The Great Wei Dynasty implements the feudal system of nobles and dukes. Everyone has their own way of doing things. The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor's fate is far inferior to that of a true unified emperor. That's why there hasn't been any transformation after so many years.

Unfortunately, even with his cultivation base, he can't carry out any reforms. There are too many implications.

Among the dukes and nobles of various sizes, there are also powerful people who are involved in many interest groups in the Black Yellow Great World.

Actually, even the Heavenly Venerate of Black Yellow is unable to suppress many of the big shots in the Black Yellow Great World. "

A Great World was vast. Although it couldn't be compared to the Endless World, it was thousands of times bigger than a medium-class realm. What kind of concept was that?

Even if one became a Heavenly Venerate and could live in a Great World, it would take a long time to explore it.

Take a medium-class realm for example. Saints and gods traveling in a medium-class realm were like a small fish in a big pond. They could definitely survive and grow stronger.

Heavenly Venerates were big fish, but the Great World was like a huge river or lake that could completely accommodate a big fish. Of course, to the Endless World, all of this seemed very weak.

"The division of power in the Black Yellow Great World is also extremely complicated. Although the number one expert is the Heavenly Venerate of Black Yellow, he is only a living being born in a Great World. He can't possibly control the power of the Black Yellow Great World itself.

At the end of the day, he is just the biggest fish in a pond. However, it is still impossible for him to control the entire pond.

The Great Wei Dynasty is a combination of interests and is the embodiment of many powers in the Black Yellow Great World. That is why there is chaos. However, if the two of us make a move, we can suppress the Heavenly Venerate of Black Yellow and make him listen to us. At the same time, we can completely subdue many powers in the Black Yellow Great World. Finally, we can extract the power source of this Great World and obtain the power of the Great World. "Wan Senshi's plan was very clever.

"I have the same idea, but we still have to be careful. The power of a Great World is far above ours. If we are injured by the power of the Great World, we might never recover." The Immortal Master was very serious.

"That is true, but now that the Heavenly Dao has changed and the Great World has weakened, we have a chance to absorb the power of the Great World. This is also a great opportunity for us to advance to the Heavenly Origin Realm." The Immortal Master said, "Don't you want to peek into the realm of Gu Taxian?

You are still very weak to him now. If we reach the Heavenly Origin Realm, perhaps we will see things differently and we will be able to understand more of his secrets. Heavenly Venerate, Heavenly Longevity, Heavenly Origin, Heavenly Realm, Heavenly Dao.

Gu Taxian's realm is the supreme Heavenly Dao Realm. Compared to him, our cultivation is still pitifully weak. " To provide you with rich resources and support reading without the Internet! To save cell phone data. Please follow the official WeChat account. Shengangll (Press and hold for three seconds to copy) to download the free reader!