Chapter 163
===========

The Sage Families had deep foundations. Although they were among the people, they were more powerful than many Immortal Dao Sects. No one knew what kind of old monsters were hidden among them.

Gu Chensha knew that this was a very complicated matter. After thinking for a while, he also gave up on the idea of bringing Heng Budong to justice.

After all, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was in seclusion, and there was no one in the Imperial Court who could suppress the Sage Families. If there was a lawsuit, it would be a mess, and it would destroy the stability of the overall situation. Heng Budong probably knew this too, which was why he colluded with Li Wangsheng and Yuan Shasheng. Whoosh! The two left the Sun Moon Altar. Without Gu Chensha's permission, Lou Baiyue couldn't leave the Sun Moon Altar.

After coming out, the two looked at each other and felt that their relationship had become much closer. Many of the previous conflicts and grudges had disappeared.

"I'll test the path ahead. Follow me, and don't act on your own."

As Lou Baiyue spoke, thousands of lantern flames suddenly appeared on her body. These lantern flames were formed by God Slaying Astral Energy, and they scattered a lot of the fog.

"Go." Lou Baiyue shouted.

These thousands of lantern flames flew into the depths of the fog, as if they were exploring the path.

Her cultivation was much higher now, and her Innate Astral Energy had become extremely mysterious. It seemed to have a spiritual nature, flickering and changing, communicating with her mind, and using it to explore the path was very beneficial. Buzz …

Those lantern flames flew into the depths of the fog. Some disappeared instantly, and some continued forward.

"If you use your Innate Astral Energy at full force, can you destroy a county? It's about the same as the Sea-splitting Thunderbolt?" Gu Chensha asked.

"About the same."

Lou Baiyue nodded. "This place is indeed dangerous. If I didn't cultivate the Glass Jade Body, and my Innate Astral Energy has been tempered many times, I probably wouldn't be able to explore the path. Now, I've turned the God Slaying Astral Energy into thousands of lantern flames to illuminate the path ahead. These lantern flames are called 'Future Flames'. If I cultivate it to the extreme, I can even use these lantern flames to clearly see the thousands of changes in the future." "So magical."

Gu Chensha said, "You're still at Dao Realm Transformation Nine, but you can actually use Innate Astral Energy to form 1,000 flames. doesn't that mean you can do 1,000 things at once?"

"Great Massacre God Technique is a little special. Although I haven't reached Dao Realm Ten Transformations, I can do 1,000 things with one heart. Once I reach it, it won't be a problem." Lou Baiyue said, "Although Dao Realm Ten Transformations is called 1,000 things with one heart, it is just an empty term.

If I reach Dao Realm Transformation Soul Tentacles, then I won't need to use Innate Astral Energy to fly. I won. I can. I can Soul Soul. of of of my.

As he spoke, dozens of lights flew back and entered Lou Baiyue's body again. The other lights disappeared.

If it were anyone else, even if it were an expert like Heng Budong, they would have to cultivate arduously for at least three to five days to recover if they were unable to retract their Innate Gang Qis. However, Lou Baiyue didn't seem to have consumed any Vital Qi at all.

Once he mastered the Great Massacre God Technique, he would have an endless supply of Innate Stellar Energy.

"Follow me." Carefully feeling the information brought back by the lights, Lou Baiyue flew forward.

Gu Chensha put on the King Dragon Armor to protect his entire body. He held the Demon Subduing Blade carefully. During the cultivation just now, these two treasures had been refined by Lou Baiyue's God-Slaying Astral Energy, and they had also received the Dragon Qi from the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. After being refined by the God-Slaying True Fire, they had become much stronger.

Gu Chensha calculated that if he were to encounter Immovable Conservation again, he might be able to fight to a draw. Even if the other party used his full strength, he probably wouldn't be able to kill him.

Just like that, he followed behind Lou Baiyue for another several dozen li. The mountain terrain seemed to have widened, and they arrived at a platform. The ground was still covered with bones, but the bones were thick and didn't seem to belong to humans. Some of the bones were like small hills, as if they were left behind by ancient giant beasts.

The chilly wind blew over from the White Bone Plain, emitting the wailing of ghosts and the howling of gods. The thick fog was sometimes thin, sometimes thick.

The mist carried a highly poisonous and corrosive smell that was enough to melt a person's flesh and blood.

"The poison fog here is filled with corpse energy and is really strong. But I have already reached Dao Realm Transformation Five, Spirit Gathering Hundred Apertures. Even if I don't wear the King Dragon Armor, I will be fine."

Gu Chensha calculated, "But I can't stay here for long, otherwise, the poison will corrode my body and it will be bad for my cultivation." "I need to stop here for a while."

Lou Baiyue stood still. Beside her was a giant skeleton that was several stories tall. Its ribs were thicker than a human's and who knew what kind of animal it was left behind?

In the stomach of the giant beast, there were many human skeletons. It was obvious that the giant beast had swallowed humans. Gu Chensha also noticed that there were some weathered armor and weapons on the human skeletons. They seemed to be top quality. Lou Baiyue grabbed.

Xiantian energy swept over and swept a few of the armor and weapons over. The black flames burned and the poison on them was removed, leaving them as clean as new.

"This is a good thing. This armor is made from the essence of the five metals and soaked in the gentle water of ultimate perfection, refined with immortal techniques. Even though it has been corroded by poisonous gas for many years, after my refinement, as long as I go back and repair it, it can still be refined into a good armor, not inferior to the Hornless Dragon Armor." Lou Baiyue had Gu Chensha put it away.

"Should I activate my vital energy here to capture more skeletons?

Or should I continue forward and search for Li Wangsheng and the others? "Gu Chensha swiftly kept the few armors and weapons. These things had been refined and the large families had a high demand for them.

The essence of the five metals was refined thousands of times. When made into weapons, they were close to Celestial Flying Swords.

The White Tiger Adamantine Saber of the Heavenly Craftsman Institute was refined with the essence of the five metals. It could be bought for tens of thousands in the market, but no one could sell it. The price was even raised to a hundred thousand.

And soft water was the magic water used by Celestial Alchemists to refine weapons. It was even rarer.

After soaking in this water, the essence of the five metals would become soft and could quickly solidify. It would then expand and contract according to one's vital energy.

"We don't have to capture skeletons anymore."

Lou Baiyue sneered. "This time, we were defeated by Li Wangsheng. If we don't get revenge, how can we let this go?" Squeak squeak … At this moment. Not far away, a skeleton appeared.

This skeleton made a very faint sound. It floated in the air without touching the ground. In its chest, there was a flame burning. In its eyes, there was a green flame.

This skeleton was holding a scepter. The scepter was engraved with various runes. It was not inferior to the Shadow Priest scepter that Yi Ming had obtained. It was obviously a good treasure. Behind the skeleton, there was actually a cape.

Most of the skeletons that Gu Chensha met along the way were really dumb and relied on instinct. Even those silver skeletons didn't have much intelligence.

But this skeleton could wear a cape and give off an evil aura. It could also craft its own treasure. It was obvious that it was much stronger than the other skeletons.

"Oh?"

Lou Baiyue looked at the skeleton with interest. "This is a 1,000-year bone demon. I didn't expect it to sense your aura and fly over." "1,000-year bone demon, it doesn't seem strong."

Gu Chensha didn't care much about it. "It seems like it is the same as a Dao Realm Transformation Seven or Eight cultivator. It has lived for 1,000 years and this is it?"

"It is really tough for a bone demon to cultivate and it needs many years. 1,000 years is just 30 years for us humans." Lou Baiyue said, "Don't underestimate this bone demon. If it can be subdued, it will be a huge help." "That's right. Even in Celestial Path Sects, one can be considered an expert. I stole the Heartless Stealing Talisman to subdue Yi Ming, who was at Transformation Seven. "

Gu Chensha said, "Now that I have seen so many amazing people, my eyes have widened. I actually feel like such a person is normal.

However, even though I can kill this bone demon in front of me, it is still impossible for me to subdue it. Unless I cultivate to the eighth transformation of the Dao Realm, I can use the power of the sun and moon refinement, use the Xiantian Earth Energy and Samadhi True Fire to refine it into something like a magic treasure. Now, I will have to rely on you to subdue it. " "That is simple." Lou Baiyue smiled. A black lotus appeared above her head. Weng …

The bone demon was staring aggressively at Gu Chensha but it seemed like it was afraid of something and didn't dare to head over. This showed that the monster was intelligent.

The other skeletons pounced over based on instinct. They were really dumb and didn't know how to be afraid.

The bone demon was tempted but when it saw the black lotus appear above Lou Baiyue's head, it panicked and wanted to flee. Although it didn't know what the black lotus was, it could sense the destructive aura within.

But the moment it was about to flee, Lou Baiyue's black lotus seemed to be able to teleport and appeared above its head. It was like it was immobilized and didn't move at all.

Lou Baiyue pointed and the black lotus spun. Many black runes landed and seeped into the bone demon's body. In just a few breaths, the bone demon knelt down on one knee and submitted to Lou Baiyue.

"So simple?"

Gu Chensha was shocked, "The speed of subduing is too quick. Just like that, you have a 1,000-year bone demon equivalent to Transformation Seven?" "It is indeed so simple."

Lou Baiyue said, "I will give this bone demon to you. As long as you drip blood on his head, he will be familiar with your aura and listen to your orders." "Give it to me? So generous? "Gu Chensha was stunned.

"What is this?"

Lou Baiyue waved her hands, "I used your two buckets of Heaven Dew to reach Transformation Nine and solidify my foundations. With so much Heaven Dew, not to mention a bone demon, even a stone can become a demon." "Then, I won't stand on ceremony."

One couldn't have too many Transformation Seven Demons. They would protect the house and fight against enemies. They were like 10,000 laborers. He dripped fresh blood and as expected, the bone demon did whatever he was told to do.

Gu Chensha evaluated the bone demon's strength and realized that although it was at Transformation Seven, it was much weaker than Yi Ming. The Xiantian Energy around its body was also much thinner. It seemed like at the same realm, the bone demon wasn't a match for humans at all.

Gu Chensha didn't have the resources to help it raise its cultivation. He waved his hand and sent it into the Sun Moon Altar.