Chapter 1080
============

Chapter 1075: Victory and Defeat

"Hahaha, I'll do it now!"

Zhao Jiangshan had been in cahoots with Zhang Ziran for a long time, so he knew Gu Huasha would take action.

However, Zhao Jiangshan had other plans. He definitely wouldn't save Zhang Ziran. Instead, he wanted to devour Zhang Ziran and Gu Huasha. He wanted to use their fate and flesh as sacrifices to speed up the process of devouring the gourd and merging the four worlds together. That way, he could reach the Undying Realm.

"In the four directions of heaven and earth, the stars spread out, the sun and moon desolate, the emperor of the universe …" An ancient incantation came from Zhao Jiangshan's mouth. Immediately, an extremely dazzling light appeared on his body. The light condensed into the strongest chains and runes.

"Gu Huasha, it won't be easy for you to fight me for the title of the Old World. I just so happened to comprehend a mystical art in the process of creating the world. It's called Towering Myriad Transformations Without Sacrifice, Without Dao. I'll show you. The so-called sacrifice is without sacrifice, and the so-called great dao is without dao. This is the Undying Foundation I comprehended, the Undying Realm. In fact, Undying is secondary.

The key is the word 'without'. You sensed it too, so you seized the opportunity to call yourself the Nihility Ancestor. Unfortunately, you've been bound too deeply by the Old World, and the Undying Realm isn't the Old World's realm, so you haven't been able to comprehend it.

You should know that the highest realm in the Old World is the Heavenly Dao. Later, when you fused with Gu Taxian, it became the Undying Realm. " Zhao Jiangshan was indeed the first person to reach the Heavenly Dao Realm. He activated the mystical art he comprehended, and it was a Dao of Without Sacrifice.

In the depths of his heart, an extremely powerful sacrificial power was born. The sacrificial power turned into nothingness, but within that nothingness, everything around him changed.

In the blink of an eye, the power of the sacrificial offering permeated the gourd, and Fa Wuxian's brand screamed miserably.

"Sacrifice, fate, suppress." Suddenly, Zhao Jiangshan made a grabbing motion.

He grabbed the weakest teddy, Lin Yu, and crushed him into powder, turning him into sacrificial power that rushed into the gourd.

"No, I, Teddy Lin Yu, am the Chosen One.

I won't die here. The Arcana World's Divine Axiom, hurry up and bless me. I'm going to reverse the situation and kill Zhao Jiangshan! "Although Teddy Lin Yu was crushed, his will was still struggling, trying to turn the tables.

"Hahaha, the Chosen One?

There were too many Children of Destiny now. Not to mention that you were just the will of the arcane world, even if you were the protagonist favored by the will of the old world, you were still being devoured by each other.

Ever since you appeared out of nowhere, you've been mediocre. You've never done anything meaningful to the arcana world, so the will of the world has actually abandoned you. Now, you're going to do one last thing for the arcana world. "With a single thought from Zhao Jiangshan, the Teddy Lin Yu was completely crushed. Then, Fa Wuxian's imprint was directly suppressed, and a large portion of its fate was weakened.

"Very good, not bad. Fa Wuxian, to think that you would still have so much fate left in your imprint. However, in front of me, all of that fate can be weakened. Meholi, come at me as well." Thereafter, Zhao Jiangshan grabbed Meholi.

Originally, Meholi, Lin Yu, Lin Xiaofan, and the others were also about to be captured by Zhao Jiangshan, but they were rescued by the Fourth Gu Huasha. (This chapter is not finished, please continue to the next page.)