Chapter 319
===========

"Kill!" At that moment, Gu Chensha started to attack the Dao Realm Transformation 20 demon.

He knew that he couldn't continue like this. He had to break the situation and find a chance. He was now at the 14th Transformation and compared to the 20th Transformation, the difference was just too huge.

When he was at the 6th Transformation, he could kill the 14th Transformation Lightning Beast King. At that time, he had the Dragon Gate and even the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman. He could hide within and launch sneak attacks. He was invincible. But now, he had no treasures at all.

Based on his current combat strength, he could fight on the same level as the 19th Transformation but he only had a 10% chance against the 20th Transformation. He might even lose and it would be tough for him to even escape. This was why he had to attack first to seize the chance. When Gu Chensha attacked, a streak of starlight flew out.

The starlight was a talisman that was as small as sand. They turned into ancient beasts that roared and chased the Dao Realm Transformation 20 demon.

"Star Sand Ten Thousand Lightning Transformation."

When the demon saw Gu Chensha's attack, it was actually a little afraid. The star sand that Gu Chensha shot out was actually a small bolt of lightning. Once it was hit, it would explode and scatter the essence energy.

With Gu Chensha's current cultivation, even one grain of star sand would be able to blast iron armor into dust. The power of a large patch of star sand could even flatten a mountain.

Although Dao Realm Transformation 20 experts had reached the Gather and Scatter Realm and normal attacks couldn't do anything to them, they still had to worry about it. If it was a fierce lightning technique, one strike would scatter their Essence Energy and they would be injured.

The demon wasn't willing to be injured at all. It wanted to be at its peak condition to capture and refine Gu Chensha. Only then would it be able to obtain the most benefits and not let others take advantage of it. Sou! The demon's body suddenly disappeared, causing Gu Chensha's starlight to miss.

Gu Chensha sensed a huge sense of danger heading towards him. He didn't even think and his body flashed to the side. Weng …

The demon appeared at the spot where he was gathered and punched the air. If he was hit by that power, Gu Chensha would definitely be smashed to pieces.

"Great formation!"

After dodging this demon's sure-kill attack, Gu Chensha knew that if he didn't trap this demon, he would be in grave danger. In terms of speed and movement techniques, it was impossible for him to contend with this demon.

Fortunately, he had been cultivating here for more than four months and had already set up many things. As his body flickered, starlight suddenly erupted from the ground, forming a grand array.

The star power of the formation surged and spun. Numerous star whirlpools formed and wrapped the Dao Realm Transformation 20 demon within.

After reaching the Size Manipulation Realm of the Nineteenth Transformation, one's body could expand or shrink at will, and their attacks were extremely terrifying. It was not something that an expert of the Jindan Great Path could compare with.

After attaining Size Manipulation, there were no longer any restraints on one's physical body. Putting aside the myriad of means one could utilize in battle, one could even gather one's strength together, granting it immense destructive and penetrative power.

And at the 20th transformation, it was even more tyrannical. It had more combat techniques, and it was almost impossible to be killed.

Gu Chensha had long studied the battle of such experts and had calculated it thousands of times in his mind. Thus, he had already prepared a formation to trap this person. The starlight was like a flood, and in the blink of an eye, it covered several miles of land.

Be it the demon that was wrapped up in the formation, its ability to shrink or turn into gas was greatly restricted.

The starlight sensed his aura and stuck to his body like maggots. As long as it touched his body, there would be a popping sound.

Although the sound was crisp and soft, it was really strong. Each time it touched the demon's body, the demon's soul would shake and its energy would dissipate.

Gu Chensha wasn't this demon's match in a one on one fight, but he knew how to lay out formations. Back then, he laid out a formation on Wuzhou Mountain and chased away the Eighteen Transformation Jing Fanxing.

During these four months, he had planted the Heaven Monster Tree and started to modify the earth veins here. He used the tree as a formation core treasure to absorb blood and souls while absorbing the power of the stars.

As time went on, he laid out a formation. With this formation, he wasn't at a disadvantage when dealing with the Dao Realm Transformation 20 demon.

"Heaven Demon Chaos Hole!"

Seeing that the Dao Realm Transformation 20 demon was trapped and unable to attack Gu Chensha, the Ximen brothers dodged long ago in case they were of more help.

But at that moment, a vicious expression appeared on the demon's face and it suddenly shot out a black whirlpool.

Immediately, ghostly wails and deities howled. All of the starlight and Star Sand Divine Lightning were no longer under the control of the formation, and they surged towards the pitch-black vortex. Even Gu Chensha's Primordial Spirit and physical body were drawn along, and were about to be sucked into the vortex.

"Heaven Monster Chaos Hole!"

Gu Chensha suddenly changed and the entire formation changed once more. It turned into a giant whirlpool that sucked in the demon's Heaven Demon Chaos Hole.

In the past, Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and the others were sucked in by the Heaven Monster Chaos Hole in the Book of Heaven Monster.

Be it the Heaven Monster Chaos Hole or the Heaven Demon Chaos Hole, they used the soul to activate energy to form a giant force field. This force field had the ability to swallow and refine.

This Dao Realm Transformation 20 demon created the Heaven Demon Chaos Hole Breaking Formation while Gu Chensha used the Heaven Monster Chaos Hole to counter it.

When the two Chaotic Holes collided, a powerful shockwave immediately erupted and swept in all directions.

Originally, this shockwave could destroy any expert and even the Seven Colored Demon Vine was about to be blown to pieces. But the moment the shockwave exploded, the Celestial Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife Gourd on the vine moved slightly and absorbed all the shockwaves. It was as if the killing energy was a huge nourishment for the gourd.

"Rise!" Gu Chensha spread his arms and activated his Stellar Energy. Another punch was thrown at the monster.

The demon didn't even bother looking. When Gu Chensha's fist landed on its body, it suddenly scattered and turned into a ball of demonic energy formed by runes. This wasn't Xiantian Earth Energy and it wasn't soul energy either. It was an energy current formed from its own body. This energy current was the energy of the Impermanence 20 Transformation Realm. This was the essence of all one's cultivation.

"Demon Swallow Heaven and Earth."

The demonic energy wrapped around Gu Chensha and turned into a seal that was about to freeze him within.

This demonic energy was much stronger than Xiantian Earth Energy. Gu Chensha felt his body tighten up and he felt like he couldn't move at all. It was as if he had been sealed in a formation.

"Dao Realm 20 Transformation is really amazing. I actually can't fight back at all. No matter how I attack him, I can't harm him at all."

This was the first time Gu Chensha had fought against an elite of the 20 Transformations. Only now did he truly feel how powerful his opponent was. "If this person had mastered the 21 Transformations of the Five Elements, he probably wouldn't even need to use any tricks. He could just pounce at me and turn into the power of the Five Elements to trap me. With just a bit of refinement, I would be completely refined." "Human, just die."

The demon turned into runes and demonic energy wrapped around Gu Chensha. It spun and wanted to drill into Gu Chensha's body to turn him into a puppet and steal his soul and memories.

"I know you've cultivated the Immortal-Slaying God-Vanquishing Gourd, and that the power of the saber is immense, and it can hurt me. However, I'm currently using demonic arts, and I'm one with you. If you activate the saber, you'll be killing yourself.

With that puny cultivation base of yours, you are no match for me at all. The difference between our realms is so huge. Do you really think that you can overturn the heavens? "The will of the monster instantly descended upon Gu Chensha's mind, wanting to wrest control over it.

At the same time, the demonic energy drilled into Gu Chensha's body and started to control his meridians, dantian, and energy ocean.

This was a really dangerous action. If Gu Chensha was totally controlled, he would really become a puppet. Logically speaking, with his Dao Realm 14 Transformation Soul Leaving Body cultivation, he wouldn't be able to fight Dao Realm 20 Transformation Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence Realm. In just one clash, he would be totally controlled and refined.

But now that the demon's will and demonic energy drilled into Gu Chensha's mind, energy ocean, and meridians, he actually faced a huge resistance. There was a really strong power in Gu Chensha's body that wanted to swallow and refine the demon's demonic energy.

This was the strength of Gu Chensha's Sun Moon Dragon Body. How could the body of a Son of Heaven be tainted by an evil demon?

But his realm was too low and he could only resist slightly. He couldn't truly refine the demonic energy.

"Control the mind!"

At this moment, the monster had completely fused with Gu Chensha's body. It could turn into a stream of energy and control every part of Gu Chensha's body. It could directly devour him and obtain all his cultivation and memories. The most important thing now was to pierce through Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness and destroy his resisting will. Only then would it succeed. Honglong!

The demon's demonic energy pressed onto Gu Chensha's meridians and energy ocean, turning his Xiantian Earth Energy into demonic energy. Then, the giant will started to crush his mind and soul.

This battle was the most dangerous and it was different from Xiantian Earth Energy. Even if one failed, one could still escape. But now, if one failed, one's body and soul would be wiped out. There was no way to regret at all. Moreover, the Sun Moon Altar wasn't in Gu Chensha's mind anymore.

If the Sun Moon Altar was still there, even a god wouldn't be able to destroy his soul. The demon was courting death by entering his mind. But the Sun Moon Altar had flown away and Gu Chensha had nothing to rely on.

"Man and Tree as One!"

At this time, Gu Chensha suddenly used some kind of secret art. The seven-colored demonic vine wrapped around him and started to absorb it. It was forcefully absorbing the demonic energy that the demon had seeped into his body.

"It's useless. If this tree of yours had evolved into a real Heavenly Demon Tree, I would have run as far as I could. Unfortunately, I don't even have one ten-thousandth of its power now. Just nice, I can refine this tree as well."

The demon sent out a sinister will. "What vigorous Earth Energy and bloodline. What a strong soul. How special. If I refine you, my cultivation will skyrocket." "This kid is in danger!"