Chapter 476
===========

"Patriarch, with the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, in charge of the Celestial Pacification Agency, they've taken every conceivable possibility into account. There's no way for us to pry into their secrets. Even the three divine apes were tricked by them and suffered heavy losses. The Celestial Pacification Agency even roped in Wen Hong, the Profound Cosmos Gate, and the Taiyi Profound Sect. They're so powerful that it's almost impossible to shake them."

"Those three monkeys are trash. Ever since the Demon Ape of Chaos was sealed, the Ape Clan has declined." The fifth star, the fifth Deity, sent out ripples.

This caused Gu Chensha to feel shocked. "Just how many Deity experts does the School of Legalism have?

And now there's a fifth. It seems there's definitely more than five. With so many Deity experts, it's no wonder they're the number one aristocratic family.

They're much more powerful than the Ape Clan. More importantly, they have the Dharma Saint overseeing them. We can now confirm that the Dharma Saint is still alive. "

Now that they had confirmed that the Dharma Saint was still alive, it was time for another round of action.

"The Celestial Pacification Agency is like a bunch of ants. Even the Lord of Seven Stars is nothing more than a wimpy brat. We can crush them to death at any time.

It's just that the Lord Dharma Saint sent a decree telling us not to act rashly, which is why we haven't acted yet.

"Thankfully, those wimpy brats from the Celestial Pacification Agency don't dare to offend the School of Legalism. Last time, they obediently came to worship us, and even used the Dragon-Raising Cultivation Technique and Dragon-Making Cultivation Technique to tempt us. They're nothing more than petty tricks. They don't know that the Lord Dharma Saint's plan is to combine spirit and demon to create an unprecedented, mighty order." "Patriarchs," Fa Liufeng said, kowtowing once more. "Disciple will take his leave."

"You may leave. While keeping an eye on the Celestial Pacification Agency, keep an eye on that Wu Dangkong. The Heaven-Offering Talisman has already appeared on that woman. It has chosen her.

This is the most important thing in the world. The talisman can't be seized. We can only borrow its power. Have you sent people to make contact with that woman?

The Wu Clan also has a few old fellows. If we attack that Wu Dangkong, we'll be bullying a junior and breaking the agreement between the Legalists and the Wu Clan.

Of course, no matter how you juniors cause a ruckus, those old fellows from the Wu Clan won't be able to say anything. "A Deity class expert spoke again.

"Ancestor, in fact, the best person to handle this matter is Wuxian. However, Wuxian doesn't listen to the orders of the clan, and is always unreasonable. Because of his natural talent as a Saint, the clan can't punish him. Regarding this child, our clan's Elder Council is really helpless." When Fa Liufeng finally left, he seemed to be complaining about Fa Wuxian.

"Born Saints naturally have special privileges, this is undeniable."

A Deity realm old ancestor spoke up: "Don't worry about Fa Wuxian's matters, let him develop on his own. Sir Dharma Saint will personally nurture him." When Fa Liufeng heard this, he did not dare to say anything else. He slowly retreated. As for Gu Chensha, he did not leave. Instead, he stayed in this All-Dharma Realm.

He felt that there was a chance here, and he might be able to find the secret of the Dharma Saint. However, this place was extremely dangerous. Now that six Deities had appeared, if he were to be discovered, he would basically be dead. He could no longer sense the power of the Life's Wish sphere.

This was the All-Dharma Realm, a treasure even more powerful than the Life's Wish sphere. There were also many Deities overseeing it. His current methods could only be concealed. It was like a small insect that had barged into the nest of a group of giant dragons.

Before the giant dragons discovered the small insect, it was very safe. However, once the insect was discovered, he would be crushed to pieces with a single breath.

However, Gu Chensha had to stay here. He had discovered the Legalists' evil plan, the Spirit Demon Plan. They actually wanted humans and demons to fuse together. They wanted to first send a batch of human women to the demons and give birth to a human demon! This was something he absolutely could not tolerate.

From his point of view, the bloodline of humans was the noblest. It was the spirit of all living things. On the other hand, the bloodline of the demons was lowly, low-level, and chaotic. Humans and demons could not fuse at all. There was only one outcome for humans and demons, and that was to destroy all demons. Even humans and barbarians could not fuse, let alone humans and demons.

Those demons were bloodthirsty and filthy. If the Legalists wanted to send human women over, what kind of torture would those women receive? A life worse than death.

Just based on this point, the Legalists should die. The Dharma Saint should die. Moreover, they deserved to die ten thousand times over. Gu Chensha had never wanted to exterminate a clan so much. He hated a clan so much.

He knew that existences at the level of the Dharma Saint no longer viewed things from the perspective of ordinary people. Perhaps in the eyes of the Dharma Saint, the fusion of humans and demons was the only way to resolve the countless demon disasters. However, Gu Chensha would not allow such a thing to happen even if he died.

Humans were humans because of their bloodline and spirituality. If they were to be mixed with demon bloodline and demonic nature, would they still be humans? Moreover, the Legalists were not prepared to allow their disciples to fuse with demons. This meant that the Legalists knew the dangers of fusing with demons. They were unwilling to allow their disciples to be experimented on.

"For the sake of their own plans, these higher-ups actually don't care about the lives of ordinary people at all. They treat human lives like child's play. This can be seen from the Legalists' plans. Project Spirit Demon forcefully fused demons and humans, tarnishing the noble bloodline of humans."

The killing intent in Gu Chensha's heart intensified. In history, there had been barbarians who had attacked the Divine Central Plains. In order to enslave the common people, they had forced them to shave their heads and wear barbarian clothes. However, the common people could not bear the humiliation and had rebelled, finally driving the barbarians out.

And now, the Legalists were forcing human women to fuse with demons. This humiliation was millions of times more humiliating than shaving their heads and changing their clothes. This was no longer humiliation, but extermination.

After Fa Liufeng left, Gu Chensha remained in the Dharma Realm. He transformed into a wisp of cloud and took aim at a Golden-winged Great Peng, transforming and attaching himself to it.

In all the Dharma Realms, many strong ancient beasts and god beasts provided targets for Gu Chensha to secretly possess.

He was also secretly observing all the Dharma Realms to understand their structure and essence energy.

Moreover, the Golden-Winged Roc that he possessed also knew how to cultivate. It was already at the Nine Transformations of the Dao Realm, the Glass Jade Body Realm. Its entire body was 100 feet long, like a giant. The feathers on its body were like gold and jade, and with a slight shake of its feathers, the sound of countless blades clashing could be heard.

After he possessed the Golden-winged Great Peng, he used it as a medium to absorb a bit of the essence energy in the Dharma Realm.

From the perspective of outsiders, it seemed like the Golden-winged Great Peng was cultivating and absorbing. Even the god-level experts here couldn't sense it.

Gu Chensha suddenly realized that he was like a heart demon that hid in the hearts of all living beings. Unknowingly, even the gods couldn't do anything about it.

But he was an existence even higher than the heart demon. To a certain extent, the Heaven Path Technique was close to the will of the heavens. Gu Chensha controlled the Golden-winged Great Peng to slowly absorb all the essence energy in the Dharma Realm. He absorbed it into his own power to analyze and deduce. From there, he understood the secrets of the Dharma Saint.

After a long while, Gu Chensha was filled with emotions, "The Dharma Saint is really amazing. The essence energy in the Dharma Realm has been refined for thousands of years and contains a lot of information. It is really helpful for me to familiarize myself with the quality of the Heaven Path Technique. So, power can be refined in such a way."

Everything in the Dharma Realm contained the essence created by the Dharma Saint. Normal experts wouldn't be able to understand but Gu Chensha was able to observe and absorb it. He obtained a lot of information.

He greedily absorbed the knowledge and profoundness, understanding the structure of the Dharma Realm. He discovered that this world had layers of space, like a beehive. It was much more complicated than the Life's Wish sphere.

Of course, what he was looking at now was just a drop in the ocean of the Dharma Saint's profoundness. He was waiting for an opportunity. The opportunity would come. Rumble!

As he absorbed the vital energy, thirteen stars in the sky suddenly began to revolve. Each star gave off a powerful mental wave. "Everyone, we are about to succeed in refining the core of all the Dharma Realms. However, there is still one last hurdle. We cannot let our guard down or slack off."

"That's right. There is still a portion of the Dharma Saint's power that hasn't been released. If it is completely released, breaking away from the Heaven Path's restraints, then the might of the Dharma Saint's descent will be comparable to any one of the three Celestial Lords."

"If it wasn't for the last change in the Heaven Path, the Dharma Saint wouldn't have taken the opportunity to break away from some restraints and successfully condense a Divine Body."

"Just what kind of existence is this Gu Taxian? He can actually shake the eternal and unchanging Laws of the Heaven and Earth."

"No matter how powerful an existence he is, he has disappeared for so long. It is clear that something big has happened. The Dharma Saint must be aware of this."

The stars in the sky rippled and emitted a powerful divine will. Gu Chensha could sense it very clearly.

"Thirteen. There are a total of thirteen Deity level experts."

When Gu Chensha saw the 13 revolving stars, he knew that they were formed by thirteen Deity level experts. These Deity level experts were above the Dharma Realm's space and sky. It was unknown what kind of profound realm they were comprehending. The 13 stars aligned, each emitting a beam of light, forming a huge array formation. The array formation revolved violently, as if some kind of passageway had been opened.

Gu Chensha observed the array formation and saw countless heavenly flowers falling down, filling the entire Dharma Realm. Many Deity Beasts were greedily absorbing these heavenly flowers. The Golden-Winged Roc that Gu Chensha had possessed was also absorbing them.

"These beasts have gotten lucky."

The stars in the sky began to fluctuate. "Our spell formation will once again evolve all Dharma Realms. During the process of the world's evolution, all living beings within it will be able to obtain great benefits. Those who are extremely lucky might even be blessed by the world's energy.

"Unfortunately, our Dharma Realm doesn't have the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise. If we had all four of the Divine Symbols, it would be far more profound. I never would have guessed that the juniors of the Celestial Calmness Department would have all four of them."