Chapter 386
===========

Swoosh! Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue left the altar and searched for fiends to kill.

There was no lack of fiends in the Fiend Domain, especially now. Under some mysterious summoning order, many fiend armies were gathering towards the broken seal.

Gu Chensha couldn't do anything to the fiends in the Nether Iron Fortress, but he could join forces with Lou Baiyue to intercept the reinforcements and prevent the fiend army from increasing.

"Mahākāśyapa Black Sun Art!"

Gu Chensha was still executing this art in the Fiend Domain. Boundless fiendish aura surged over, forming all sorts of vortexes that condensed into a black sun above his head.

At this moment, when he joined forces with Lou Baiyue, the might of the Mahākāśyapa Black Sun was several times stronger than it was back then.

In the Fiend Domain, all immortal martial arts would be restricted by the fiendish aura and the characteristics of the Fiend Domain.

They couldn't unleash their full might, but by executing a fiend martial art, they could unleash a portion of their might by twofold.

However, if one executed too many fiend martial arts here, the demonic nature would seep into one's body and cause one to suffer a Qi Deviation.

Only the Mahākāśyapa Scripture could unleash its might to the greatest in the Fiend Domain, surpassing all fiend arts. Furthermore, it wouldn't cause one to suffer a Qi Deviation. It could even fuse good and evil, expelling the demonic nature and returning to clarity. From this, it could be seen that the Mahākāśyapa God was indeed not an evil god.

However, the Scripture of Hell Suppression that Gu Chensha had learned wasn't complete, even though he had received some teachings from the Skull Ash Devil Emperor. Actually, it was nothing compared to the vast sea of scriptures.

The Mahākāśyapa Scripture was widely spread in the Fiend Domain, but the truly profound essence could only be obtained by ancient fiendcelestials or even Fiend Sages.

Those fiendcelestials and Fiend Sages were existences that had served the Mahākāśyapa God, so they could obtain the teachings.

Gu Chensha had always wanted to obtain the complete Mahākāśyapa Scripture in the Fiend Domain. If he could obtain it, it would be a great resource for him.

Right now, he was constantly absorbing all kinds of knowledge to strengthen himself. Once the knowledge fell into his sea of consciousness, it would be calculated by his multitasking primordial spirit force, turning it into something that belonged to him bit by bit. From there, the true essence of life nourishing the heavens was brewed. On the ground, there was a group of thousands of devils walking, also carrying Underworld Iron Ores.

As Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue flew through the sky, they activated the black sun slightly. The black light shone on the devils, causing them to wither and turn into skeletons. Their essence, energy, and soul were all absorbed by the black sun.

The more the Maha Black Sun absorbed, the more powerful it became. In the end, it could even condense into corporeal form, becoming an extremely powerful magic treasure.

However, Gu Chensha didn't want to cultivate this demonic treasure. Instead, after absorbing enough essence, blood, and souls of the devils, he would sacrifice the Maha Black Sun to the Life's Wish sphere to feed the Touch of the Ghost-God tree.

Evolving the Touch of the Ghost-God tree into the Heavenly Demon Tree was the most difficult stage. Gu Chensha wanted to advance the tree in one go. This was because this tree was refined with his blood, sweat, and tears. It was closely related to him. According to the Heavenly Demon Tome, the Heavenly Demon Tree was the strongest among the many magic treasures. Once it was refined, its aura could connect to heaven and earth. In the depths of space-time, there would be countless ancient sages of the demon race congratulating them. The refiner would obtain a lot of information and experience, and might even come into contact with some of the mysteries of the Primordial Chaos Tree.

Therefore, Gu Chensha didn't want to advance to the realm of Dharmic power for the time being. Instead, he wanted to accumulate enough energy to upgrade the Heavenly Demon Tree. At the instant of the upgrade, he would obtain some ancient information from countless sages of the demon race. This way, his understanding of Dharmic power would become clearer, and the Dharmic power he cultivated would be extremely pure, far surpassing other experts.

Cultivating Dharmic power was an extremely powerful transformation. It could also be said that he had stepped into the initial stage of comprehending the laws of heaven and earth. If he could build a good foundation at this step, it would be very beneficial to his future improvement.

Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha worked together to control the Maha Black Sun to patrol the demon domain. The black sun's light shrouded an area of thousands of miles. As long as they were under the black sun's light, any devil would be engulfed in ecstasy.

Moreover, in the areas where the Maha Black Sun's light shone, all the devil qi would be absorbed. There were actually areas without devil qi. The mountains, rivers, and earth seemed to be purified.

"The Maha Black Sun actually has the ability to purify the demon domain." Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue were increasingly aware of the profundities of the Maha Suppression Scripture. As they activated it, they patrolled a few more areas and absorbed many devil teams.

Among these devil teams, there were some experts who had cultivated Connate Stellar Energies and even Essence Soul realms. However, how could they be Gu Chensha's match?

As they controlled the sun to patrol the demon domain, the feeling of eliminating all devils within a thousand miles was extremely refreshing. The speed at which they absorbed the fiends was also amazing.

After fourteen to sixteen hours, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue had absorbed more than a hundred teams. There were hundreds of thousands of fiends, which was close to a million.

Of course, 99% of the fiends were fiend soldiers who had yet to cultivate to the Dao realm. However, when there were so many of them, the amount of souls and blood essence gathered was quite considerable.

One shouldn't underestimate those fiend soldiers who hadn't reached the Dao Realm. They were all experts in martial arts and even martial arts masters in the mortal world might not be able to deal with them. Many of them had copper skin and iron bones. Blades and swords couldn't injure them and they were born with immense strength.

Some fiend soldiers were martial arts masters like the Dark Armor Great Demon. If they charged out, even experts at the Second or Third Transformation of the Dao Realm might not be able to deal with them. As for normal civilians, they weren't a match for any of the fiends.

Each demon killed would mean one less commoner being harmed in the future. Gu Chensha definitely wouldn't show mercy to any of them. Wu wu wu wu …

Amidst the cries of ghosts and gods, a 100-mile demonic flame cloud appeared and stopped not far away from Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue. It turned into a black throne and a demon sat on it. This demon was really thin and was the height of three to four people. He looked like a mummy and his body was wrapped in a thick cloth.

Beside the throne stood a few Demon Emperors. One of them was the Skeleton Demon Emperor that Gu Chensha had tricked. He was at the 22nd Transformation of the Dao Realm, Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth.

Gu Chensha had killed Ku Ding and Ku Si Demon Emperor, leaving behind only Ku Ge. He came to the Demon Region to find this old friend and kill him. Who knew that this demon would actually send himself to him? The one sitting on the black throne was obviously the Skull Black Demon Emperor.

Gu Chensha had killed Ku Ding and Ku Si before and obtained their memories. He knew that their chief was the Skeleton Demon Emperor. This Demon Emperor was most likely at the 23rd Transformation, Past Reflection.

But Gu Chensha didn't care. If he worked together with Lou Baiyue, along with the fact that they could sense the Common People's Wish ball, they could definitely kill him.

However, using the power of the Common People's Wish ball to tear open space and descend into the Demon Region would consume a lot of energy. Even if they sacrificed this Demon Emperor, they wouldn't be able to obtain much. It would be best if they used Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue's own strength to kill him.

"Skeleton Demon Emperor, we meet again. You actually dare to appear in front of me?" Gu Chensha sent out a mental message to communicate with these demons.

The one sitting on the black throne was the Skeleton Demon Emperor. Beside him was not only the Skeleton Demon Emperor, but there were also a few other Demon Emperors on the same level as him.

"Damn humans."

The Skeleton Demon Emperor was furious, "Now that the Skeleton Demon Emperor is personally attacking, let's see how all of you can escape. All of you will die in this Demon Region.

Ku Chen, Ku Hun, Ku Li, Ku Ci, Ku Bao, what are you waiting for? Capture these two and hand them over to the Skeleton Demon Emperor! " "Skeleton Demon, what right do you have to order us?

Although your cultivation level is high, you haven't reached the level where you can give us orders. We only listen to the Skeleton Demon Emperor. "Immediately, a Demon Emperor laughed coldly, his mental message full of mockery.

"That's right, Skeleton Demon, you didn't do your job well in the first place. You caused the deaths of Ku Ding and Ku Si. You can't absolve yourself from the blame within the race for this mistake. You should be crippled of your magic power and devoured by us to increase our strength," another Demon Emperor yelled. This situation made Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue not know whether to laugh or cry.

Who would start quarreling and mocking each other in the face of an enemy? This also showed that the Demon Race was selfish and didn't care about teamwork. They could betray at any time. Even if they were on the same side, they would stab each other in the back and devour each other. Falling out with friends, being ungrateful, and even killing and devouring each other were common.

The only thing the Demon Race cared about was strength. Those with high strength would suppress those with low strength. Layer by layer, there was some order. Most of them were in a state of chaos and killing one another.

This was the weakness of the Demon Race, otherwise, with how strong they were, they would have occupied Endless Land long ago. Of course, if not for that, they wouldn't be demons.

"All of you shut up." The Skull Black Demonic Emperor on the throne said, "Set up a formation. I'll kill them myself." "Yes!"

These Devil Emperor Skeleton Ashes, Skeleton Dust, Skeleton Soul, Skeleton Li, Skeleton Thorn, and Skeleton Bao didn't dare to speak after hearing the Skull Black Demon Thearch's words. In fact, the Skull Black Demon Thearch could see their little movements.

At the 23 Dao Realm Transformation, one would be able to see through everything. Their subordinates wouldn't be able to hide anything, otherwise, they would be able to see through everything. Unless there was someone stronger than them hiding from the heavens, they would be able to see through everything.

These Demon Emperors spread out and many treasures appeared on their bodies. They were all huge banners.

These banners floated in the demonic energy and in an instant, many threads shot out from them. They covered the sky and turned into a net. Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue didn't dodge and just looked on as the treasures were used. They didn't care at all.

Gu Chensha could tell that this was the Heaven and Earth Dust Net from the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture. He didn't know this technique and it used demonic energy to refine and gather the thoughts of demons to form a dust net. When this net was used, it would pollute one's strength.

He only knew that there were records of it, but he didn't know how to cultivate it and didn't get the cultivation method. Honglong!