Chapter 614
===========

Azure Dragon was indeed enraged.

He had made so many arrangements and even had a backup plan. It could be said that the entire Black Heaven Earth Sect had turned out in full force and wasted a lot of accumulated energy just to obtain the position of the True God of Lu Shen. Unfortunately, it had been easily taken away by the Warlock Saint. The Dharma Saint had shown his wisdom this time.

Even if the Black Heaven Earth Sect used the power of a medium-sized world, they wouldn't be able to trap the decree.

If the Warlock Saint had personally fought against the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth, even if his cultivation level was higher than Azure Dragon's, the Dharma Saint would definitely not be a match for the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth. He might not even have been able to become a True God. Unfortunately, the Warlock Saint had relied on the power of the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman and easily seized it without expending any energy.

The Black Heaven Earth Sect had made such a big move this time to fight against the Gods of Destruction and to devour the entire God Nation. They had wasted at least dozens of years of accumulation.

Countless disciples of the Black Heaven Earth Sect, as well as the countries they controlled, had been used up just like that.

It could be seen that wars were about who had more accumulation. It was similar to a war between countries.

Gu Chensha wouldn't start a war easily. Instead, he let the Tree of Desire and the Small Divine Land keep accumulating energy for the World's Wish Ball, waiting for the war in the future.

Actually, the accumulation of the Life's Wish sphere was also very vigorous. The most important thing was that during the Demon Race's attack, more than ten Demon Race members had activated their Minor Chiliocosms, in addition to the billions of Demons chanting scriptures, which had accumulated the massive power of the Demon Disaster for a long time, but during that fierce attack, it had been absorbed by the Revolving Star Passage Technique. That meant that the demons had selflessly poured their power into the Fairy Calming Division's ball. That had given the ball thousands of years of accumulation.

In addition, Gu Chensha was good at taking things by force and running the Small Divine Land. He could turn himself into heavenly dew and rain.

All kinds of cultivators and creatures in the Small Divine Land had been greatly improved. That way, the Wish Power generated was like a Milky Way waterfall every day. It was completely comparable to the amount of faith produced by the Black Heaven Earth Sect every day.

"The Warlock Saint has some tricks up his sleeve. He joined forces with Wu Dangkong and actually managed to seize the position of True God." When Gu Chensha saw this, a smile appeared on his face. He wasn't discouraged and seemed to have a backup plan.

That was because just now, he had activated his Heavenly Dao Art and created an incarnation, which then merged perfectly with the great seat of the True God. This was his method.

Up till now, no one had been able to decipher or discover the Heavenly Dao Technique. Not even the Dharma Saint could do it.

Gu Chensha knew that if he brazenly seized the throne of True Divinity, he would likely be ambushed by various powers. Although the Calmness Immortal Department was suppressing all sides, a single move would affect the entire situation. He had to be careful in everything he did. It was very likely that this treasure war would turn into an all-out war.

In that case, the whole world would fall into turmoil, which would be very disadvantageous to the development of the Calming Immortal Department.

Right now, the most important thing was for the world to be stable. The Calming Immortal Department would receive the support of the wishes of the people of the world. Only then would it be able to change with each passing day. If the world was unstable, the Calming Immortal Department would weaken. It wasn't worth it to disturb the world for the great seat of True Divinity.

Gu Chensha's vision was no longer the same as before. He was always looking at the overall situation. Now that the great seat of True Divinity was obtained by the Dharma Saint, he could let the Black Heaven Earth Sect and the Dharma Saint fight to the death, and the Calming Immortal Department would reap the benefits. Moreover, even if the Dharma Saint temporarily obtained the great seat of True Divinity with the help of the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree, he might not be able to protect it.

"Dharma Saint, you want to refine this great seat of True Divinity? How could it be so simple to combine all your Dharma Realms into a medium-class world?

When a Minor Chiliocosm ascends to a medium-class world, the calamity will be unimaginable. I will use my Heavenly Dao Art to infiltrate this great seat of True Divinity and merge with it. As long as you refine this treasure, not only will it strengthen me, but when the calamity arrives, I will take advantage of the advancement of all your Dharma Realms and absorb your strength. This is like a dove taking over a magpie's nest! Even if this fails, I will only lose a small incarnation. It can be said to be a very profitable method. " At this time, Gu Chensha and the Dharma Saint once again began their battle of wits and courage.

Every time he wrestled with these great figures, he would gain a lot of experience. In fact, his main purpose this time was to gain the experience of the Dharma Saint's resistance to the Heavenly Dao's Call during the Dharma Saint's refining process. This experience was something that Gu Chensha had plotted for a long time.

Thinking about it, only the Dharma Saint resurrected among the Sages of the Ancient Era, while the rest fell into oblivion. From this, it could be seen that the Dharma Saint had his own uniqueness. This unique experience and insight was what Gu Chensha wanted.

If he could obtain this kind of knowledge and experience, Gu Chensha's cultivation would rise by a realm.

"The Dharma Saint actually took action and seized the great seat of True Divinity, damn it!"

Longevity God's face was very ugly, but he had no choice. This was a crushing suppression of strength. Even the Black Heaven Earth Gate couldn't do anything about it, let alone him.

He knew that this time, the Dharma Saint seized the great seat of True Divinity with the power of the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree. Even if Wan Senshi came, the result would be the same. Wan Senshi couldn't crack the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree either.

However, taking advantage of this opportunity, he tore space and escaped. This time, he had gained a lot. He obtained the Cultivation Method of Lu God. Even if he didn't obtain the great seat of True Divinity, after returning, he could try to break through to the Sage Realm after mastering the three great Divine Arts.

Of course, he might not succeed, but even if he didn't succeed, his combat strength would still improve a lot.

Daoist Calming Chaos also left a long time ago. He had a look of regret on his face, but he had no choice. This time, the powerhouses competing for the great seat of True Divinity were too strong. If he stayed here, he would most likely be buried here. Heavenly Dance Mystical Gate's Sect Master Ji Qingwu also flew up and left.

Only the Mountain Mystical Gate's Yue character was left here, seemingly greeting the God of Destruction.

"Lord God of Destruction, send my regards to the three Heavenly Venerables." The Yue character said: "My Mountain Mystical Gate has always followed the lead of the three Heavenly Venerables." "Very well, since you have this intention, I will definitely cultivate you in the future."

The God of Destruction held the Clear and Turbid Axe in his hand and spoke to the Yue character as if he was ordering a subordinate: "The Mountain Mystical Gate is really too useless. Fortunately, they were able to stand on the right side. It seems that in the great calamity, the orthodoxy can survive. Instead of learning from the Nine Swords Mystical Gate, the Red Cloud Mystical Gate, they actually sided with Wan Senshi and betrayed the glory of our Heavenly Venerables. Even if the Calming Immortal Department let them go, we will not let them go." While speaking, the God of Destruction waved the Clear and Turbid Axe in his hand.

Immediately, the axe cut the Divine Kingdom in half, then squirmed like a whale sucking in water. Suddenly, the Divine Kingdom was completely absorbed by the Clear and Turbid Axe.

After absorbing the Divine Kingdom, the color of the Clear and Turbid Axe seemed to become more vivid.

The God of Destruction nodded, very satisfied, "Dharma Saint is bold, to actually seize the position of True God. Does he think that after this rebirth, he can compete with the three Heavenly Venerables?"

The Yue character nodded: "The three Heavenly Venerables have been invincible since ancient times until now. Anyone who goes against them is just a clown."

"I like hearing this. You go back first, I will pay a visit to the Mountain Mystical Gate." The God of Destruction waved his hand and used the Clear and Turbid Axe to cut open a path and left.

The Yue character sighed: "Our Mountain Mystical Gate orthodoxy is struggling to hold on, but it is still withering. Are we going to be completely destroyed like this? I am not willing! " While speaking, he also left.

At this time, Longevity God had already retracted his true body, still "Hong Wulu", and Gu Chensha also gathered all his mana, condensing it into "Ghost Weep".

"Brother Weep, looks like we won't have a chance this time. Let's go," Longevity God said: "Let's go somewhere else and look for opportunities."

"Alright." Gu Chensha still wanted to find out more about Longevity God's movements, so the two left together. At this time, Dharma Saint had already returned to his All Dharma Realm.

All Dharma Realms were in the depths of the space-time turbulence. From afar, it looked like a dharma ring. This huge dharma ring controlled all dharma in the world.

But now, a door appeared around the huge dharma ring, and above the door, Azure Dragon showed his true body. His body that was thousands of miles long stared at all the dharma rings.

"Dharma Saint, hand over the position of True God." Azure Dragon was enraged. "How dare you Legalism go against the Black Heaven Earth Sect!" "Azure Dragon, I think you're the bolder one."

Inside the Dharma Cutting Ring was the All Dharma Realms, and Dharma Saint's mind wave came from it. "Although the Black Heaven Earth Sect has cultivated a medium-class world, you don't have a Heavenly Master, and I'm a Heavenly Master now! As long as I become a medium-class world, the Black Heaven Earth Sect basically has no chance. " "Dharma Saint, do you think it's easy to become a medium-class world?"

Azure Dragon roared: "Even if you get the position of True God, you still don't have enough savings. Do you think you can learn from those little bastards from the Calming Deity Bureau? I can tell you that the opportunities of those juniors can't be replicated.

They obtained the World Burying Coffin. Coupled with the demon disaster, the Big Dipper, and the infusion of power from countless demons, they were finally able to transform. Furthermore, they had accumulated a huge amount of power. Even a Warlock Saint doesn't have this. Even if you advanced to a medium-class world, you would have consumed all your savings.

By then, the medium-class world will be empty and won't be able to exert any power. What's the point? "

"If that's the case, Azure Dragon, try it. I have my ways. Do you think there are so many fortuitous encounters in the world these days? Don't the Legalists have any fortuitous encounters? "

Dharma Saint's voice was heard: "The Black Heaven Earth Sect can attack all you want. It'll be absorbed by all the Dharma Realms. If you don't believe me, you can try." Azure Dragon hesitated for a moment.

Meanwhile, in all the Dharma Realms, Dharma Saint grabbed the position of True God and flew out, wrapping his Dharma power around it.

At the same time, Wu Dangkong was still hiding in the Sun Moon Altar. She didn't dare to come out, and she was also very wary of Dharma Saint.

"Master Dharma Saint, what should we do if the Black Heaven Earth Sect attacks now?

Can all the Dharma Realms really absorb the power of the Black Heaven Earth Sect? "Wu Dangkong asked.

"Of course not."

Dharma Saint said: "I'm just bluffing. The Calming Deity Bureau was able to absorb the power this time because they captured a Martial Emperor and obtained the talisman formed by the will of the Dragon Gate of the Primitive Universe. They also communicated with the World Burial Coffin. That's why we were able to absorb such a great opportunity.

But your Heaven Sacrifice Talisman can absorb a lot of power and convert it, so there's nothing to be afraid of. "