Chapter 1068
============

A Trap Within a Trap

"Alright, let's work together to create this module." Meholi reached an agreement with Zhao Jiangshan, then poured his own power into the module.

Indeed, as soon as a wave of power was infused into the module, the will of the module immediately suppressed the restless Fa Wuxian brand in his mind and soul. Meholi was overjoyed.

He knew he had made the right bet. If this continued, he would be able to destroy Fa Wuxian's mark and turn it into his own resource.

"Isn't that right?"

Zhao Jiangshan smiled faintly. "This is the power of the origin of the four realms helping you. When you pour your power into the module, the four realms will begin to merge and your own cultivation will increase.

You should know that each of the four realms has a chance to ascend to the Undying realm on its own. Right now, you have the four realms working together.

This power isn't something we can imagine. The final transformation of the four realms won't be as simple as the sum of the four realms. It will be several times, or even dozens of times, or even a hundred times. " "I know that."

Lin Xiaofan began pouring his power into the module as well. He could feel the power of the four realms churning in his body. He was greatly benefiting. Teddy Lin Yu was the same.

"The four realms are united. I'm afraid we won't be able to do anything with our power. Right now, we're like nobodies trying to move mountains," Meholi said.

"Your power can, because you're essentially at the Undying realm. Unfortunately, you can't unleash the full power of the Undying realm."

Zhao Jiangshan said, "Take your time. I've already used all sorts of methods to control the leaders of the Mother Nest Universe, the Extreme Martial Universe, and the Immemorial Universe. They'll join our side and push for the four realms to unite. That way, we'll be successful.

However, when the four realms truly become one, I will choose the best opportunity. That opportunity will be when Gu Chensha and Mister Innumerable fight. You must make the same judgment as me. " "Don't worry. I know that." Meholi nodded.

"Now that you are connected to this Four Realms Unite module, as long as you input your power every day, it is equivalent to investing in the Four Realms. The Origin of the Four Realms will give you great authority."

With a tap from Zhao Jiangshan, the Four Realms Unite module fused with the void. However, Meholi and the others could clearly sense that the module was still there. With a thought, they would be able to sense it.

"Alright, now that we're linked together, we're bound together for good or ill. We mustn't have any thoughts of killing each other."

Zhao Jiangshan warned, "We all have great fate in us. Only by linking our fate together can we display the greatest effect in the future. If we devour each other, not only will we not be able to make one person's fate stronger, it will also cause our entire fate to decline." "We know." Meholi said, "But with our current strength, I'm afraid we're not Gu Chensha's match."

"That's right. Gu Chensha is too strong. In fact, even if Mr. Annul, Mr. Annul, Mr. Wuxin, Mr. Wuwei, and Mr. Thoughtless join forces, it's not impossible for Gu Chensha to kill him. As long as the price is the destruction of the heavens, Gu Chensha can kill them all."

Zhao Jiangshan said, "Of course, Gu Chensha isn't the real Eternal Protagonist. I believe he will have flaws. Of course, if he remains invincible forever, I'll accept it." "No one can remain invincible forever."

Meholi said viciously, "Gu Chensha has been strong for so many years. I can feel that this is an era of great change. Many people would stand out from the crowd, and many would fall because of this.

No one can stand at the peak forever. My request isn't to stand at the peak, but to be at the top, to be free and unfettered forever. Even if the sky collapses, let the taller ones hold it up. However, we must pull Gu Chensha down. He's too dangerous, too domineering. " "Our chance has come."

Zhao Jiangshan said, "But we still have to wait. When the four worlds unite, this huge world will be under our control. At that time, we can control this world to challenge Gu Chensha's new world.

I feel that after we control the four worlds to unite, only we are qualified to resist the new world. In this way, we can gain the favor of that terrifying thing. Look, in the depths of the endless void.

The main body of Mister Incorporeal and the others was about to be born and truly descend. In fact, this main body was a huge monster born from the Old World. It hated the New World, which was why it gave birth to Mister Incorporeal and the others to oppose Gu Dusha. Without Mister Incorporeal, Gu Dusha would have long since transformed the entire multiverse into a New World. Those lifeforms that relied on devouring to survive in the Old World would no longer exist.

Therefore, the moment the four worlds unite, in order to give our new world the ability to resist the new world, that terrifying thing will descend and completely fuse with our universe. That way, there won't be any loopholes when we ascend to the Undying Realm. Moreover, we'll be even stronger than ordinary Undying Realm experts. " The four of them kept activating the four worlds unite module.

Waves of power flowed back to them. At the same time, the Origins of the four worlds began to connect, reaching a miraculous level. The Origins of the four worlds fused here, just like when Gu Taxian fused with the Heavenly Dao of the old world, producing something unimaginable.

"The Origins of the four worlds are fusing here bit by bit, gathering here and turning into a new substance and power. This is absolutely shocking."

Meholi was overjoyed when he sensed this. Deep in his heart, he had a malicious thought. 'With the Origins of the four worlds, I can quickly suppress and refine Fa Wuxian's mark and secretly ascend to the Undying Realm.

When that time came, he would directly devour Zhao Jiangshan and all the people here. Then, he would control the giant world of the four worlds and devour the source of that terrifying thing. He would truly be invincible under the heavens.

This Zhao Jiangshan isn't a good person. He definitely wants to devour me. I won't let him have a good life. '

"This Meholi still has the intention to devour. He's a dangerous character."

At this time, Zhao Jiangshan's expression did not change. He naturally did not trust Meholi. Meholi was a sinister and cunning character, and he also had Fa Wuxian's mark on him. Fa Wuxian's crazy will to devour had been passed on to Meholi.

"However, Meholi, you would never have imagined that you are actually a sacrificial offering for the four worlds unite. Do you think it's that simple?

In order to truly unite, at the most critical moment, there must be the best sacrificial offering, and you are that sacrificial offering. Right now, you're borrowing the power of the Origins of the four worlds, and the more powerful your cultivation is, the more you'll be unable to escape in the future. I can already see the shackles on your body. "Zhao Jiangshan's shrewdness was getting deeper and deeper. At this time. In a supermassive universe, the Martial Saint and Gu Chensha were strolling. This supermassive universe was the Extreme Martial Universe.

Gu Chensha had taken control of the Arcana Universe, and now he had come to the Extreme Martial Universe to carry out a huge plan.

"The four worlds unite to create a huge world to contend against the new world?"

He sensed it, and suddenly his heart moved, as if he had understood something. "This Zhao Jiangshan is quite capable, to actually come up with this idea to contend against me. It can be said that he has put a lot of thought into it, and is indeed on the right path."

"Zhao Jiangshan is the first person to ascend to the Heavenly Dao Realm, even earlier than the Fourth and the Emperor Of Heaven. He also represents some kind of fate and luck."

The Martial Saint said, "However, he has occupied the fate of being the first to cultivate to the Heavenly Dao Realm, so it's impossible for him to be the first to cultivate to the Peerless Immortal Realm. He could not be said to not understand this point.

Of course, the reason why he has such achievements now is completely because you turned him into a bull, continuously opening up the void, allowing him to create one world after another. He has obtained such training, which is why he has the confidence he has now. Unfortunately, he doesn't know how to be grateful, and instead hates you to the bone. Are all people nowadays like this? If so, I am completely disappointed in the old world. "

"There's no need to be disappointed, these are all small matters. What Zhao Jiangshan wants to do is actually what I want to do, I just need to borrow his hands to complete it."

Gu Chensha said, "Actually, I have been planning this all along. Zhao Jiangshan wants to unite the four worlds, and I also want to unite the four worlds. During the process of the four worlds merging, Mister Wu Wu will not be able to escape, and these people will all be captured by me. Also, that terrifying thing will descend, looking for a body to possess, and give birth to an existence that can contend against me. However, I don't care about any of this."

"Chensha, actually, it's very simple for you to want to unite the four worlds. With a single thought, the origin of the four worlds won't be able to do anything to you." The Martial Saint was somewhat puzzled.

"Because if I directly trigger the four worlds to merge, the will of the four worlds will definitely resist me. Of course, I can kill them, but it would be meaningless. Secondly, I won't let Mister Wu Wu and the others fall for it. Right now, Zhao Jiangshan is using his unforgettable hatred to trigger the four worlds to plot against me. This way, Mister Wu Wu and the others will secretly support me, and the deeper they fall, the more I fall. At that time, it will be my final battle." Gu Chensha was looking forward to it.

"After the four worlds merge, will there be an opponent that can contend against you?"

The Martial Saint said worriedly, "In reality, from the start until now, you have many opponents, but none of them can compare to you. But now, I have a feeling that things won't be so simple. At the final moment, if you want to destroy that terrifying thing, you will suffer irreversible damage."