Chapter 355
===========

The third floor was where puppets and mechanisms were sold. The Lord of Seven Stars was the ancestor of mechanisms. The previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, didn't even need to use any magic. He had used his hands to create wooden birds that could fly around a house for three days and three nights. Apart from that, he had also created wooden oxen and horses that were no different from real oxen and horses. This was the pinnacle of mechanisms.

The Celestial Designer Institute specialized in mechanisms, and Emperor Heavenly Talisman placed a lot of importance on them. Before he unified the world, he had recruited craftsmen and trained them.

After the Calming Immortal Agency was established, Gu Chensha and the others also placed a lot of importance on mechanisms. They brought in a large number of talents and learned new techniques. That was especially so after Zhuge Ya entered the agency. In time, they would definitely surpass the Celestial Designer Institute.

The fourth floor was where important business was discussed, and only important clients could enter. The fifth floor was for auctions.

Gu Chensha walked around the Jing Zhou Trading Company and was very satisfied. Business was booming, and there were plenty of goods. Every day, there was a steady stream of income.

Thinking about how there were such trading companies all over the country, and how they worked every day, Gu Chensha felt that what he was doing was very meaningful.

After the Calming Immortal Agency forged the Common People's Wish sphere, they had a small world. Whether it was manufacturing or planting, it was much more convenient than outside. They could control the weather of the four seasons and extract energy from the various dimensions to create treasures. Compared to before, it was a completely different story. After walking around the upper floors, he once again returned to the main hall to observe. This was because sometimes Jing Family disciples would appear in the main hall. Not far away was the Jing Family Residence. This was the Jing Family Head's residence.

The Jing Family had many branches in Jing Province, and they had many manors, merchant companies, manors, farms, and even mountains. However, every year, the branches would come to the Jing Family Head's residence for a meeting. This was the absolute center of the Jing Family. Jing Qiu was also there.

An expert at the 25th Transformation of the Dao Realm with an undying body was enough to raise the family to the top level.

This was especially so for Jing Qiu. He was only 100 years old, so he still had two to three thousand years left to live.

Actually, the old antiques of the Sage Clans were also at this level of cultivation. However, the Sage Clans had the sect guarding treasures left behind by the Sages, which were on the same level as the Common People's Wish sphere.

The Legalism, Fan, Heng, and Lei Clans all had treasures that could not compare to the Life's Wish Sphere. However, they also had the ability to tear through space. This was something that the Jing Clan could not compare to. Treasures of that level were the real foundation.

Looking at the Tranquil Immortal Department, after the Common People's Wish sphere condensed, many of the Sage Clans became extremely fearful. They no longer dared to play any tricks in the dark. Even Gu Tanjian became a lot more well-behaved.

The cornerstone treasures of the Sage family clans were inferior to the Skyfey Book. One had to know that even the number one family clan, the Dharma Saint, had left behind a treasure that was refined by him alone. As for the Skyfey Book, it was written by many Sage Sages of the Primordial World.

"Jing Xing, Jing Zhi, you two brothers came out to buy some goods."

The Jing Family brought a bunch of people into the Tranquil Immortal Department branch. The ones at the lead were two brothers who gave off a really calm aura.

With just a glance, Gu Chensha knew that the two brothers were at the third transformation of the Dao Realm, 'Copper Skin Iron Bones', and they were only a step away from breaking through to the fourth transformation, 'Gold Devouring Stone'. They were one inside and out, impervious to all poisons and impervious to fire and water. This cultivation could be said to be an expert among experts.

Thinking back to the past, when Gu Chensha debuted, he faced four evil sect experts: Black Bat, Yin Yang Scholar, Poisonous Dragon, and Blood Soul Sect Leader. These people were all famous evil cultivators who had roamed the world for 50 to 60 years. Their cultivation was only at the second transformation of Dao Realm, Nine Bulls and Two Tigers. Based on his senses, the two of them were just over 20 years old. What was even more shocking was that the two of them were actually geniuses.

That was amazing. If nothing went wrong, the two of them would be able to cultivate to the 18th transformation of the Dao Realm Golden Core and become Celestials. They would be able to revive their family and maintain their prosperity for 1,000 years.

The Jing Family disciples following behind the two brothers were also full of vigor. They had the backs of a tiger and the waists of a bear. They exuded a dignified aura even without being angry. All of them were at the fourth level of the mortal realm, and all of them had average or slightly above average aptitude. It was as if they had all consumed Tiger Wolf Pills.

"Have you prepared all the things that our Jing Family wants?"

Jing Xing and Jing Zhi were received by the people from the Tranquil Immortal Department merchant association. Gu Chensha heard their conversation clearly. They were huge customers, so naturally, they had to talk to them alone.

"Everything is prepared, but did you bring all the money?"

The person in charge of the merchant association was someone at the first transformation of Dao Realm. He was someone that Jin Suibo recruited from second and third-rate celestial sects. He was really smart.

"How would we dare to delay doing business with your Tranquil Immortal Department? Also, we have a batch of goods. Does your Tranquil Immortal Department want them? " "What goods?" "A batch of Green Dragon Grass. Take a look at this first."

On the fourth floor, after the Jing Family people sat down, Jing Xing and Jing Zhi took out a stalk of grass. This grass was seven inches tall and looked like green jade. Its leaves were like dragon scales and it gave off a sense of majesty. It was like the emperor of the plants.

"It is actually Green Dragon Grass. This purchase is too huge, so I have to report it to the higher-ups." The person in charge didn't dare to make the decision on his own. Although Gu Chensha was on the first floor, he knew what was going on on the fourth floor.

"The Jing Family is actually selling Green Dragon Grass to our Tranquil Immortal Department. Although it isn't as good as Green Dragon God Wood, it still grows around the Green Dragon Nest.

The Green Dragon is a Xiantian Wood Saint Beast and is really good at nourishing plants. Using Green Dragon Grass to refine pills not only increases the success rate, but it can also increase the medicinal properties by several times. Such a good thing should be left for Tranquil Immortal Department. Why would they sell it to us? "Gu Chensha was confused. If the Jing Family had Green Dragon Grass, then they definitely had the Azure Dragon bloodline.

"Zhuge Ya told me to come to Jing Prefecture City and search for the Azure Dragon bloodline in the Jing Family. At the same time, I have to wait and snatch the Star Profundity that is about to appear or bring away the person who reincarnated. Should I wait here or sneak into the Jing Family?

With my current cultivation, I can resize as I wish. I can turn into dust and sneak in, and no one will discover me. However, Jing Qiu is overseeing the place. I will definitely be discovered. "Gu Chensha wasn't arrogant enough to think that he could hide from someone with an undying body.

Of course, he could do that with the help of the Common People's Wish sphere. However, sneaking around was not the right way to go.

"In that case, should I pay a visit openly?"

Xiao Chen pondered again. "I want to see what kind of person that Jing Qiu is. Jing Fanxing tried to assassinate me, which is already considered a rebellion. If I get the Jing Family to hand over the person, I will have the status. Let's see how the Jing Family will account for this matter."

The Jing Family was very low-key. This could be seen from the arrangements of the Family Head, Jing Qiu. They focused on accumulating strength in secret, not revealing their true strength. Unfortunately, they had Jing Fanxing.

Of course, the first reason was because Wu Dangkong had entered the palace. Jing Fanxing was filled with hatred and caused all sorts of trouble.

"Jing Fanxing's cultivation should be the second strongest in the Jing Family. He has the Black Heaven Earth Sect behind him. I'm afraid that even Jing Qiu can't control him.

I wonder what kind of agreement the Jing Family and the Black Heaven Earth Sect have come to? "Gu Chensha left his Calming Immortal Merchant Association and went to the governor's manor.

This time, he didn't pay a visit. Instead, he used a spell and silently went to the depths of the governor's manor. This was the place where the governor usually cultivated and rested.

It was a small garden about two or three acres wide. There was a small formation set up in the garden. The fake mountain was carved from jade, and there was a pond under the mountain. The water was dark green and cold. This formation was called the Frost Jade Dragon Raising Formation.

In the eye of the formation sat a middle-aged man with a long beard. He wore casual clothes and was circulating the technique in his body. It was Jing Prefecture Governor Han Wuqin.

Han Wuqin wasn't a disciple of an aristocratic family. He was born into a poor family and had passed the imperial examinations to become a governor. He had some skills.

Gu Chensha took a look and saw that this person's cultivation was actually at the fifth transformation of the Dao Realm, Hundred Apertures. He was about to break through to the most important sixth transformation, Qi Refining into Energy.

"Who is it?!"

Hearing the commotion, Governor Han Wuqin opened his eyes, "How bold, you actually dare to barge into the governor's manor. Do you really think there's no law in the world? "

Then, he saw Gu Chensha clearly. His body shook and he quickly knelt down on one knee, "I didn't know that Your Highness was here. Please forgive me." Gu Chensha had already revealed his true appearance. He didn't disguise himself.

He was now the person who held the highest power in the court. All the officials naturally had his portrait and could recognize him, much less the governor level officials.

Gu Chensha suddenly pointed with his finger. At that moment, a pure and gentle power entered Han Wuqin's body. Instantly, the hundreds of apertures in his body shook and his internal energy circulated thousands of times in his meridians. His vital energy and the gathered spiritual energy merged together to form energy. Pu la! An energy sword appeared in Han Wuqin's hand and stabbed into the ground, creating a deep hole.

"Your Highness is really powerful to help me break through to the sixth transformation." Han Wuqin was delighted and thanked him once again, "Why did Your Highness come to Jing Prefecture?" "Of course, I came for the Jing Family."

Gu Chensha let Han Wuqin sit down, "A while ago, I suppressed the Demon Region, but Jing Fanxing worked together with Celestial Path's Wang Ji, Xiao Yan, and Great Wei Dynasty's Gu Huo to assassinate me. I defeated them and escaped.

Jing Fanxing broke the country's laws and couldn't be punished. I came here to ask Jing Family for him and also to investigate whether or not Jing Family participated in the rebellion. If they did, naturally, they would be wiped out.

You are Jing Prefecture's governor, so you have to pay attention to the people and the local unrest. "