Chapter 958
===========

Grand Plume Sand Chapter 955 Grand Plume Sand

"It's time for us to leave the Eternal Realm and go to the Human Realm."

In a town in the Eternal Realm, there were a few small courtyards. In a very quiet place, there were a few people sitting in the courtyard. These people's auras were actually at the Sky Primal realm and Sky Longevity realm, Empyrean realm. In the Eternal Realm, there were many such experts, but Gu Chensha didn't supervise these people.

Ever since the Eternal Realm was established, Gu Chensha cared about spreading the Dragonless Mantra and forming some kind of rules and order. Now, as long as one cultivated the Dragonless Mantra, all kinds of comprehension and data would gather into the Eternal Realm, causing the depths of the Eternal Realm to circulate the mysteries of the Dragonless Mantra day and night. The wisdom of all living beings purified the Dragonless Mantra, allowing Gu Chensha to obtain great benefits.

From a certain point of view, many people who cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra would not be able to truly comprehend how to use the great power of their spirit to make themselves self-sufficient, while at the same time severing their past karma and fate to completely transcend the realm. However, many people could use the Dragonless Heart Sutra to refine eternity, gradually transforming the mystic energy and divine abilities within their bodies into the power of eternity. As such, these people would also diligently cultivate.

The only drawback was that these people had to use the sacrifices of all living beings, which was strictly forbidden in the Eternal Realm. Everyone had to go to the Human Realm.

Many experts in the Human Realm also communicated with the experts in the Eternal Realm, saying that the Dragonless Mantra could resist the power of the Human Realm, was good at hiding, and wouldn't be discovered by the Heavenly Court.

Thus, a trend immediately spread among the people of the Eternal Realm, and that was that everyone wanted to go to the Human Realm.

Of course, there were people who added fuel to the fire, but it was also related to Gu Chensha's indulgence.

Right now, Gu Chensha wanted the people of the Eternal Realm to go to the Human Realm to spread the Dragonless Mantra, pushing his Dragonless Mantra to the limit.

Spreading the Dragonless Mantra was his main goal. He had already seen clearly that all living beings were of one heart. It wasn't that all living beings revolved around Gu Chensha, but that all living beings believed in the concept of the Dragonless Mantra, believed in the concept brought about by the Dragonless Mantra.

Gu Chensha was not the truth. It was impossible for everyone to believe in him, but he could make everyone believe in the Dragonless Heart Sutra. This was the unity of all living beings.

Only when all living beings were united and completely believed in the highest truth contained in the Dragonless Heart Sutra, would they be able to resist the terrifying thing that was born from the collapse of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor and the Heavenly Dao.

"We have to go to the human world. We haven't developed much in the Perpetual World. The Perpetual World is still a little small. The human world has a lot of opportunities, and we can also obtain Variant Origin."

"However, I've also heard that the Emperor Heaven has recently established a reform department to capture those who cultivate the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, as well as all kinds of people. If we go there now, won't we just run into the muzzle of the gun?"

"Now is the best time for us. If we go there later, I'm afraid that we won't be able to get any benefits when the human world stabilizes." "What do you all think?"

Among these people, the leader was a young man, about eighteen or nineteen years old. However, he was very experienced, as if he had lived for countless years.

"Great Cloud Ancestor, let's form an alliance and go to the human world together. We have to do something great. The calamity you mentioned is coming, and if we don't fight for a chance to survive, I'm afraid we'll die without a burial place. We won't have any more chances. Even the Ancient Dust Sand will be destroyed. The chance of survival is very small. Don't be fooled by the fact that the Everlasting World is eternal. When the calamity comes, it will be destroyed. But how can we fight for a chance to survive?"

"It's very simple. We can go to the human world and avoid the calamity. At the same time, we can obtain great fortune. First, we can obtain Variant Origin. As long as we have Variant Origin, we might have a chance to escape this calamity."

The young man in the lead was called Ancestor Hongyun. In fact, he was an ancient existence, similar to the Immortal Lord and Wan Senshi. He was an ancient creature born from the primordial chaos. However, he didn't show himself like the Immortal Lord and Wan Senshi.

Fortunately, Ancestor Hongyun was very lucky. When the Heaven World was destroyed and the primordial chaos shrunk, he obtained many treasures from the primordial chaos, as well as the seed of a great chiliocosm. He also reached the Heaven Primal realm. Furthermore, he wasn't at the First Elemental realm, but rather had the power of multiple elemental essences.

However, he still concealed himself well. While comprehending the Dragonless Heart Sutra in the Perpetual World, he gained some insights, and even divined a few things.

"Ancestor, I heard that someone really comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra?

Developing one's own spirit, obtaining great freedom, a great opportunity. "A Heaven Longevity Realm expert said.

"That's right. That's my daughter. Come out, Grand-Plume Sand." "Lord Father, I'm here."

A young girl walked out. She was only thirteen or fourteen years old, but there were many flickering lights behind her. These lights were constantly changing, and had a myriad of auras. Unexpectedly, she was much stronger than Ancestor Hongyun.

"My daughter, Hongling Sha, has comprehended the core of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, the most crucial secret. She is the only one who has reached this realm. It can be said that even in the imperial court, those who can comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra, be self-sufficient, cut off their karma, and not be affected by fate are as rare as phoenix feathers and qilin horns.

With this, my daughter, Hong Ling Sha, will be able to take us to the Mortal World, and we'll be able to establish a foundation there, "Ancestor Hong Yun said.

"Lord Father, I'm confident that I can go to the mortal world without being discovered. The Heavenly Court and the Perpetual World won't be able to find us.

As long as we grasp the core of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, we'll be able to achieve great freedom, and no one will be able to pry into our secrets. " "Your current strength far surpasses mine."

Ancestor Hongyun said, "I didn't expect that you could comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra that I couldn't comprehend at all."

"Lord Father, you're exaggerating. How could it be so easy to comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra? Self-sufficiency, developing the heart, and severing karma are just the beginning.

It's like I've entered the next level and crossed the threshold. I can't be compared to Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha is also continuously comprehending this realm.

His realm is even higher than the Emperor Heaven Of Heaven, and he's already on the same level as the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian. "

Grand-Plume Sand said, "However, in this world, the number of people who can truly comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra can be counted on one hand. Apart from those in the imperial court, Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, Zhuge Ya, and Gu Huasha, I'm the only one who can comprehend it.

I don't know if it's because of some sort of coincidence or opportunity, but there must be a reason. So I have to go to the Mortal Realm to find this reason. In the Eternal Realm, I won't be able to find this reason. " "In that case, let's go to the mortal world."

Ancestor Hongyun said, "Some of my old friends are hiding there, and they haven't been captured by the Heavenly Court. If we all gather together, we'll definitely be able to do something big in the mortal world."

Grand-Plume Sand didn't say anything. She suddenly moved her hands, and a passage appeared in front of them. Rumble! The passageway continued to shrink, sucking everyone in. In the blink of an eye, they disappeared.

"The Heaven Empress has appeared."

Gu Chensha stood at the highest point of the Perpetual World, looking at everything in the distance. He could see everything that happened in the Perpetual World, and even the mortal world.

"The new Heaven Empress is that woman called Grand-Plume Sand?

She's really a weirdo. She can actually comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra. It's a miracle among miracles. "Lou Baiyue also clicked her tongue in admiration." Since she's the Heaven Empress, is there something strange? What kind of strange method was the Celestial Emperor using?

The current Emperor Of Heaven has actually set up a reform department. It's clear that he's also changing. He's not rigidly bound to fate. This kind of Emperor Of Heaven is the most frightening. She'll be a huge threat to us in the future. "

"You're right. But it's just a threat. It can't hurt our foundation. However, this new Heaven Empress has nothing to do with the Emperor Of Heaven. The Emperor Of Heaven can't control the birth of the new Heaven Empress. The new Heaven Empress is actually a product of coincidence."

Gu Chensha said, "This woman doesn't necessarily have to resign herself to fate. She's content with her identity as the Heaven Empress.

Anyone who cultivates my Dragonless Heart Sutra has their own fate in their hands. They can cut off everything and live in peace. How can they let fate arrange them?

However, if the Emperor Of Heaven can make this woman change her mind and return to her identity as the Heaven Empress, then it's equivalent to him breaking my Dragonless Heart Sutra. He can damage my fate energy and deal me a fatal blow. "

"So you're saying that this woman is the key to your battle with the Emperor Of Heaven?" Lou Baiyue said.

"You can say that. It's actually a fight for people's hearts.

This woman has the identity of the new Heaven Empress, but she has another identity of someone who has successfully cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra. If she follows the Emperor Of Heaven, then it means that the Emperor Of Heaven can control the Dragonless Heart Sutra. That means that even if she successfully cultivates the Dragonless Heart Sutra, she won't be able to achieve freedom. Then, my Dragonless Heart Sutra isn't the path of transcendence, but a joke. "Gu Chensha said.

"How is that possible? The Dragonless Heart Sutra itself is about transcendence. How could it change from truth to not truth just because of a woman's betrayal? How could such a thing happen between heaven and earth? "Lou Baiyue frowned.

"This is actually a fight for fate energy. Because my Dragonless Heart Sutra hasn't reached the ninth level of the Immortal Realm, there's still a flaw. Once there's a flaw, it will be attacked."

Gu Chensha said, "Of course, even if this Heaven Empress Hong Ling Sha regains her Heaven Empress identity and returns to the Emperor Of Heaven's side, it won't be a big deal. It won't cause too much damage. It will only affect the determination of all living beings to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra."