Chapter 600
===========

Honglong! Lightning rippled above the Small God Continent and it seemed like it was about to rain.

The living being in a giant lake raised its head and looked at the purple lightning in the sky. It called out, "Guys, it is a huge opportunity, a huge opportunity."

This living being was actually a long Sword Kun, an ancient mutated species. It was huge and was thousands of feet long. Large amounts of Xiantian energy surged out from its body. It was actually at the twelfth transformation of the Dao Realm, Soul Stealing Realm.

This Sword Kun was originally a divine beast of Dragonsword Island, and had followed Long Yuyun for a very long time. Back then, it had even guarded Gu Chensha's fief. Later on, it had moved to the Small Divine Continent, where it cultivated bitterly and commanded many marine creatures. It had already activated the ancient Kunpeng bloodline in its body, but it was precisely because of this that it hadn't taken human form. Hua la!

Along with the Sword Kun's call, many living beings appeared in the lake that was connected to the ocean. Most of them had human bodies but their heads were still animal heads. However, they could speak the human language.

"Lord Sword Kun, what is the huge opportunity?" The living beings in the ocean asked.

"Sky Dew is about to descend.

Look, the lightning is purple. The Sky Dew this time is not a small matter. All of you need to absorb more and it will be much easier for you to transform. "The Sword Kun said.

As soon as it finished speaking, the entire Small Divine Province was filled with a downpour. This downpour was the Heavenly Dew, and it was 90% as effective as the Heavenly Dew. The Sword Kun flew up, opened its mouth and swallowed the Sky Dew.

Who knew how much it swallowed? Its body started to change. It wriggled and actually shed its skin. Arms and legs grew out and then its head turned into a human head. Honglong!

It turned into a giant and was unable to shrink. It had to cultivate to Dao Realm Transformation 19 and reach Size Manipulation before it could become the size of a normal person.

In this lake, the living beings that had absorbed a large amount of heavenly dew and rainwater once again set off a wave of humanization.

Gu Chensha stood on the Dragon Tower and formed many seals. He used his own power to cause the Sky Dew Rain to descend.

With his current cultivation, the Sky Dew Rain that he created had 90% of the effects of the real Sky Dew. Once it descended, large amounts of living beings in the Small God Continent would obtain the power to transform into humans once more. A single rain saved at least a hundred years of cultivation for living beings. This was the power of his Heavenly Dao Technique.

This rain lasted for the time it takes for an incense stick to burn before Gu Chensha retracted his magic power. This was because it was just in time. If it continued to rain, he would lose his essence, and the gains would not make up for the losses.

Yi Gong was shocked as he saw this. He didn't speak. He knew that it was impossible for him to contend with Gu Chensha. Even if he didn't have a dimensional realm, he feared that he wouldn't be a match for Gu Chensha's ever-changing methods. Moreover, Gu Chensha's potential was enormous. As long as he rose a few more boundaries then he would be able to play with him in the palm of his hand.

After the Sky Dew Rain fell in the Small God Continent, Gu Chensha instructed Jin Suibo on how to manage it.

"Your Highness, the Small God Continent is still accepting a large number of immortal cultivators. However, ever since Xuan An roped in the experts of the second and third rate sects, those giants like Daoist Calming Disorder and Longevity God have formed another alliance called the Myriad Immortal Alliance. They are specifically targeting our Calming Immortal Division. Many sects have begun to merge, seemingly to form a new Celestial Gate. Moreover, they have received a lot of support. Now, they are also fighting with us for cultivators." Jin Suibo's expression was not good.

"What Daoist Calming Disorder and Longevity God? They are just trash gods, nothing to worry about."

Gu Chensha said, "Unless they unite and form a Minor Chiliocosm, there will be some small troubles, but it is not a big deal."

"That's impossible. This motley crew can only stop our Small God Continent from expanding among the second and third rate sects. Our Small God Continent has fused with so many primordial treasures, but it is still far from becoming a Minor Chiliocosm."

Jin Suibo smiled and said, "However, their interference has caused a lot of trouble in our recruitment. Moreover, it is said that all the great clans, Black Heaven and Earth Sect, and even Wu Dangkong and the Crown Prince have given their support to this Myriad Immortal Alliance.

Now in the Eastern Wilderness, the second and third rate sects are like the carps crossing the river. If all of them are absorbed by them, I'm afraid they will become a huge force.

But there's something strange. I've never heard of the Alliance Leader of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals. " "Oh? Who is it? " Gu Chensha's interest was piqued.

"It's a man wearing a bronze mask. I don't know if he's a man or a woman, but he has a code name, Wan Senshi."

Jin Suibo said, "This man is unfathomable. He hasn't made his move yet, but his means of drawing in second and third rate cultivators is very exquisite. His management and operation are all above mine. More importantly, Daoist Calming Disorder and Longevity God, as well as other powerful deities, actually listened to his arrangements and were very respectful. This shows that this man's identity is not to be underestimated. I wonder where he came from."

"You are very knowledgeable in the immortal path, but you don't even know him. This shows how mysterious this man is.

Myriad Immortal Alliance, Master Immortal. This clearly means that this man is the Master of Immortals. "

Gu Chensha said, "Even the Black Heaven Earth Sect's Sect Leader wouldn't dare to call him that. Instead, it's the Three Great Celestial Venerables who think they are the masters of all immortals. However, this person is definitely not one of the Three Great Celestial Venerables. If he is, there is no need to hide. Just issue an Immortal Order. "

"The development of the Myriad Immortal Alliance is like a rolling snowball, growing bigger and bigger. Not only the second and third rate sects, even the Nine Swords Mystical Gate and Crimson Cloud Sect have joined the alliance," Jin Suibo said, "Even they think that Wan Senshi is trustworthy." "It seems that some of the ancient antiques from the ancient times have come out."

Gu Chensha frowned. "These antiques are not willing to be left out. The Nine Swords Mystical Gate and Crimson Cloud Sect are afraid that we will attack their sects. They are so afraid that they are desperate to find a doctor.

According to the rules of the past, among the second and third rate sects, whoever dares to form an alliance will definitely be suppressed by the seventy-two ancient profound sects. They will not allow the seventy-third profound sect to be born and destroy the balance, and seize the resources and territory of the Eastern Wasteland.

But now, not only are they not suppressed, but they have joined. From this, it can be seen that Wan Senshi is indeed tyrannical, and it is also our Department of Calmness that has put great pressure on the immortal dao sects. "

"Behind the Heavenly Craftsman Institute is the Immortal Master, and now there is this Wan Senshi. It seems that the situation has become complicated. I am afraid that the aristocratic families will rise from the ashes and make a comeback with the Myriad Immortal Alliance." This was what Jin Suibo was worried about.

"It seems that I have to investigate the background of this Wan Senshi."

Gu Chensha said, "This man suddenly appeared out of nowhere, stirred up the situation of the immortal dao, fought against our Department of Calmness, and even stole our recruitment plan." "Only Your Highness' Heavenly Dao can change."

Jin Suibo said, "I will do my best to expand on the periphery and recruit more disciples from the second and third rate immortal dao sects."

"We can't limit ourselves to the second and third rate sects. In fact, among the seventy-two ancient profound sects, those who oppose us can also use schemes to make their disciples our spies. Our Little China is now rich in resources, and with the Human Dragon Set, the disciples of the immortal dao will definitely succumb to the temptation."

Gu Chensha said, "The colossus that is the seventy-two ancient profound profound sects must be dismantled and reorganized, or they will always be a great threat." "Of course." Jin Suibo nodded.

Gu Chensha looked at "Yi Gong" a few more times, causing him to tremble inwardly. Only then did he take to the skies and leave.

He did not go to the Eastern Wasteland, but to the Central Divine Prefecture, where he cultivated in seclusion for seven months. Although he knew what had happened to the world, he still wanted to take a closer look and comprehend it.

Moreover, although he had left behind an incarnation to manage the Human Dragon Assembly, the Buddhist Sect's control over Qin Han was growing stronger, and his incarnation could not continue.

Moreover, according to Jin Suibo, the Alliance of Myriad Immortals had begun to sweep through the immortal dao, and if they joined forces with many aristocratic families, they would definitely meddle in the affairs of the Central Divine Prefecture.

Ever since the Dharma Saint's failure last time, the school of Legalism had lost face, and had not appeared again. Who knew what grand scheme he was plotting.

On the surface, the Department of Immortal Tranquility controlled the court and the people, gaining great prestige and fortune. However, that was also on the surface. As the saying went, it was easy to dodge a spear in the open, but difficult to guard against a stab in the dark. When would these people launch their next scheme, and what exactly was it? Gu Chensha knew nothing about any of this, and had to spy again to know himself and his enemy.

The last Fiend Disaster, as well as a series of plans, had been spied on by Gu Chensha in his Wudang Xing form. Wu Dangkong, Gu Tanjian, and even the school of Legalism had no secrets to speak of. That was the foundation of victory.

This time, Gu Chensha had been meditating in seclusion for seven months, and he had not received any news from those aristocratic families. Even Wan Senshi did not know that there was an Alliance of Myriad Immortals in the Mystical Sect of Immortals.

Of course, this had nothing to do with him. It was impossible for him not to meditate in seclusion just to gather information.

Moreover, when he was in seclusion, it was best to recall all his incarnations and merge them into one, so that he could make a big breakthrough. Otherwise, the more incarnations he divided, the harder it would be for him to break through, and his cultivation would not be pure.

Seven months of seclusion was not a big deal for him. For ordinary cultivators, it was normal for them to meditate for seven years or even seventy years. Soon, he flew to the edge of the Sin Province.

At this time, half of the mountains and rivers in the Sin Province were occupied by the Fiend Race. Amidst the surging Fiend Qi, there were countless demon armies.

However, in the other half of the Sin Province, shrouded in golden light, was the temple of the Human Dragon Assembly. Above the temple, countless scriptures circulated in the golden light, fighting against the Fiend Qi and preventing it from invading.