Chapter 713
===========

The Martial Sage knew that he was in extreme danger. However, he was not afraid. He had already seen through life and death.

"I'm impressed."

Gu Tiansha clapped his hands and smiled. "The Martial Sage is indeed the Martial Sage. From a certain point of view, your mentality has indeed surpassed the Dharma Saint.

However, sometimes, mentality is useless. Strength is strength. It will not change because of your mentality. "

"Sir Martial Sage, I think you should merge with my body and strengthen me. After all, the blood of the Wu Clan flows in my body." At this moment, the Martial Emperor knew that his best option was to devour the Martial Sage and strengthen himself. He knew that he was not as good as the Martial Sage.

The Martial Sage's essence, qi, and spirit had the spirit of the ancestor of the Martial Dao. This was something he could not have.

"Martial Sage, you are the most accomplished disciple of the Wu Clan.

This is unquestionable. However, the bloodline of the Wu Clan is not something that flows in the blood. It is the will to protect humanity with the Martial Dao. Humanity's hope for survival is the Martial Dao. Since ancient times, humans have to cultivate the Martial Dao in order to survive.

This is the will of the Wu Clan. Only by comprehending this will one can truly inherit the bloodline of the Wu Clan. Unfortunately, Martial Sage, you have lost the essence, qi, and spirit of the Wu Clan. You have become a different species. Of course, I can't say that you are wrong. You have your own ideas, but I feel that it is a pity. "The Martial Sage sighed.

"Alright, that's all."

The Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha said, "Then merge with the Martial Sage and become a powerful existence for my use." "Sun-Moon Lord, I'm afraid it won't be easy for you to deal with me like this."

The Martial Sage placed his hands behind his back and his aura rose. "The Dharma Saint was reborn and could cultivate to become a Heavenly Lord. I can do the same. You underestimate the will and spirit of my Martial Dao. After I fell, I merged with the Heavenly Dao and wanted to peek into its secrets. My Divine Dao is Martial Dao. It is different from the Dharma Saint. The Dharma Saint is the absolute order, while I am the absolute one!" Rumble! The Martial Sage's body emitted a domineering aura.

This aura exploded violently, rushing into the heavens, exuding an unparalleled, supreme supreme aura.

Within this aura was a sense of desolation and solitude. It was the kind of solitude and solitude that came from strolling on the path of cultivation and evolution alone. The Warrior Sage finally revealed his sharp claws and fangs.

"A Martial Sage is a Martial Sage after all. You borrowed my power to come back to life and actually managed to break through to the Heavenly Venerate Realm so quickly."

Even if you become an Empyrean, it won't help anything. After all, you aren't the Dharma Saint. The Dharma Saint possesses the Heavenly Demon Prison and the Law World, two great dimensional realms. Even I can't do anything to him right now. And even if you become an Empyrean, you will still be a naked Empyrean. In truth, you won't be of much use.

If you had a dimensional realm, then I wouldn't be able to use the power of the Sun-Moon Great Thousand before I reached the Sage Realm, and I wouldn't be able to break through your defenses. But now, you can't get any help. " "That might not be the case!"

The Martial Sage's palm bore the fate of the heavens. He spread his fingers and attacked fiercely, as if he wanted to grasp the starry world, boundless vital energy, and the true essence of immortal qi in his palm. Even the void was blasted into a void of darkness that didn't exist.

"This is a martial dao legend." Gu Tiansha flicked his fingers. Immediately, the light of the sun and moon gathered and blocked the Martial Sage's punch. Then, he put his hands in a circle and pressed down.

Immediately, all of the Martial Sage's attacks were reduced to nothing. Any martial dao was not worth mentioning in front of the light of the sun and moon. They disappeared without a trace. The vast sun and moon shook the universe.

This was the power of Gu Tiansha, and it was also a never-before-seen method of the Lord of the Sun and Moon.

"Seal!"

After breaking the Martial Sage's attack, Gu Tiansha drew a circle in the air with his palm. Immediately, this circle enveloped the Martial Sage's body.

The Martial Sage sat cross-legged inside the circle. Many figures radiated out from his body. These figures executed millions of martial arts, as if they had mastered all the martial dao in the world.

The martial dao that these figures executed converged into a long river, connecting from head to tail, protecting the Martial Sage within, preventing him from being refined.

"Martial Sage, do you think that this can protect you?

Your martial dao will is indeed strong, but this can only allow you to struggle at death's door. Now, enter the body of the Martial Sage and become one with him. "

Gu Tiansha closed his palm and immediately shrunk the circle of the Martial Sage to the size of a palm. Then, this circle entered the body of the Martial Sage. Immediately, the sound of countless worlds collapsing rang out inside the body of the Martial Sage. Buzz. Gu Tiansha injected the power of the sun and moon into the body of the Martial Sage again.

The Martial Sage seemed to have gone through a critical transformation. His body actually had the aura of a Heavenly Venerate. Of course, this wasn't his own aura. Instead, it was the aura that erupted after he and the Martial Sage fused. This power and aura seemed to be destroying Wan Senshi's restrictive magic.

Suddenly, the space around them trembled, and endless darkness condensed into a figure that stood in front of Gu Tiansha.

This figure wore a black robe and a mask. It was none other than Wan Senshi, who no one knew what he looked like. This old antique was a creature born from primal-chaos, and he had an unfathomable amount of mysteries. However, he seemed to have run out of luck recently, and all of his pawns had slipped out of his control.

Now, even the Martial Sage he had painstakingly cultivated was about to slip out of his control. He couldn't bear it. This was his clone. No one knew where his real body had gone, or what he was up to.

"Lord of the Sun and Moon!"

His clone saw Gu Tiansha as soon as he arrived. His voice froze for a moment, then he slowly said, "That's right. I'm Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha. "

Gu Tiansha looked at Wan Senshi. "Wan Senshi, this Martial Sage has already pledged his allegiance to me. Don't make things difficult for him. How about you respect his choice?

But it doesn't matter if you don't agree. Even if your real body comes, you won't be able to do anything to me. Martial Sage will still be my subordinate. Your clone is a great supplement, so I'll take it too. " "Gu Tiansha."

Wan Senshi's tone became calm. "How arrogant of you. If I'm not wrong, your true cultivation isn't that of a Saint. You're roughly at the 31st or 32nd transformation of the Dao Realm. You're relying on the power of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand, but you can't use much of it. You actually want to take my clone and pawn?"

With that, Wan Senshi turned around and faced Martial Sage. "Martial Sage, you actually dare to betray me? Do you know the consequences of doing so?" "What consequences?"

Martial Sage seemed to have regained the dignity of an emperor. "I once unified the Divine Prefecture and grasped great power. My achievements surpassed those of the ancient emperors. I've always been a dictatorial person. Wan Senshi, you dare to try to control me? Do you really think I'm a pawn and a puppet who listens to you? In the future, you will have to look up to what I've done. " "Very good, very good."

"Back when you were killed by Gu Chensha of the Celestial Calmness Department, you even lost your Divergent Heart. I used the Primordial Emperor's Seal, the Emperor's Life Talisman, the King's Life Flag, the Commander's Life Sword, and the Human Master's Saber — five connate treasures. I even added my own origin power, the life essence refined from the Primal Chaos Big Bang. If not, you wouldn't have revived and cultivated to your current realm. Fortunately, I knew you would betray me, so I set up all sorts of restrictions in your body."

"But you didn't expect that the Sun and Moon Lords would find me. With their power, they could suppress my seals and even dissolve them, allowing me to break free from your control."

Martial Sage said, "Wan Senshi, you've fallen behind. Since you attacked the Calming Celestial Bureau and captured Yuhuan Lu, offending Gu Chensha, your luck started to weaken. This is why I broke free from your control." "Is that so?"

Wan Senshi said, "It's not impossible for you to break free from my control, as long as you leave behind what I gave you. The five primordial treasures and my source power."

"With the Sun and Moon Lords acting for me, do you think that's possible?" Martial Sage said disdainfully.

"Gu Chensha, I know that your enemies are Gu Chensha and the Calming Celestial Bureau. Since you've named yourself Gu Chensha, that means you're part of the imperial family. You're the Sun and Moon Lords, but Gu Chensha has cultivated the Heavenly Dao, so he's superior to you in essence."

Wan Senshi said, "This Martial Sage is ambitious. Even if you train and control him now, I'm afraid he'll still betray you in the future."

"It doesn't matter. As the Sun and Moon Lord, the son of the Heavenly Dao, I can tolerate all good and evil. Karma is in my control. Whether he betrays me or not, it's all in my control. I can train anyone, but I can also destroy anyone with a single thought. You can't control a Martial Sage, but I can. "

Gu Chensha didn't care at all. He had absolute confidence. "Wan Senshi, you're at the peak of the Celestial Longevity Realm, but you'll never be able to reach the Celestial Prime Realm. You know this too, because you have a bottleneck, but I don't. In the future, I can reach the Celestial Prime Realm, Celestial Realm, and even the Heavenly Dao! You will never understand how many secrets there are in my body.

As for Gu Chensha, he's a formidable opponent. I won't underestimate him. He's the same as me, an existence that's never appeared before.

The Heavenly Dao Art, the Sun and Moon Lords, have never appeared in the long river of history. That's why it's interesting. " The official mobile reader app has been released!

New products updated daily. Huge amount of content. Small size saves data flow. No ads. Easy to find. Come and follow the official WeChat account. Jiakonglishi (Press for three seconds to copy) Download mobile app.]