Chapter 82
==========

As for the Great Dragon Armor, the Great Yongchō might have already finished its research, but it was a supreme treasure that only existed in the storeroom.

Gu Chensha used the Heavenly Dew to catalyze the transformation of the Hornless Dragon Armor, which was even more miraculous than refining. It was equivalent to the Heavenly Dao catalyzing all things, allowing them to evolve naturally. It was even more perfect than refining.

The Hornless Dragon Armor squirmed and crackled from within, similar to the Dragonbone Sword's transformation, but its aura was much stronger. Rumble!

The Hornless Dragon Armor seemed to transform into a faintly discernible dragon-shaped rainbow, struggling with all its might to break free from its shackles.

"Master, the armor is about to transform, but it's lacking something crucial. Master, immediately use your knowledge as a sacrifice, condense your will, and use the refining method," Yi Ming hurriedly shouted.

"Yes, Sun and Moon Refinement."

Gu Chensha suddenly recalled that Sun and Moon Refinement didn't just refine the mind, qi, body, and so on. It could also refine weapons and awaken all things.

For example, he could use Sun and Moon Refinement to imbue all things with spirituality, and the effect was even better than spiritual qi.

"Sun and Moon Refinement, Fortune Spirit."

Gu Chensha leaped up and began drawing runes on the Hornless Dragon Armor with his finger. His own blood seeped out of his pores, acting as the rune pigment.

His blood was faintly golden and seemed to flow with spirituality under the light. This was the result of cultivating Sun and Moon Refinement for a long time. His blood had a trace of the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood in it. Using his blood as a rune and his will as a guide. This was the Sun and Moon Refinement's method of awakening all things.

To be precise, if it was an ordinary longsword, Gu Chensha would use his own blood to draw runes on it. Then, he would breathe in and out on the sword, using his will to cleanse and communicate with it. Over time, the sword would also develop spirituality and finally become a divine weapon. Moreover, the effect would be better than soaking in the spiritual liquid.

However, Sun and Moon Refinement consumed a lot of his essence blood and vitality. It could be said that he was sacrificing himself for the sake of all things. Although it was in line with the spirit of nurturing all things, it was disadvantageous to his cultivation, so he hadn't used it. Moreover, he didn't know what treasure he wanted to refine.

However, at the most crucial moment, it was worth it to use the refining method of the Sun and Moon Refining to help the Hornless Dragon Armor achieve a final breakthrough.

A large amount of fresh blood seeped out and was written in the form of runes. Each rune was filled with the true meaning of the growth of all living things. Even Gu Chensha himself didn't know what it meant. He only knew that it was the most exquisite part of the refinement of sun and moon. However, when he drew the runes, he had a new understanding.

"I use my blood to nurture all living things, to bestow spirituality, to be satisfied and joyful. This is the true essence of the Sun and Moon Refinement. The sun and moon give all living things the opportunity to grow and temper them, just like a father and a mother."

Gu Chensha suddenly sighed. He understood the greatness of the Sun and Moon. At the same time, he realized why he couldn't advance to the Dao Realm. It was because he hadn't truly understood the breadth of the Sun and Moon.

When he gave up on consuming his Essence Blood and Yuan Qi, he understood what it meant to be willing.

"Success!"

When the last rune was drawn on the Hornless Dragon Armor, the entire armor suddenly felt as if it was connected to his breath. It abruptly condensed and attached itself to his body, turning into an armor that was not jade, gold, iron, stone, or wood. This armor was made up of many scales, and when put together, it was flawless.

"Flying Heaven!"

Gu Chensha exclaimed softly. The scales on his back wriggled, forming into a pair of scaled wings that flapped lightly, propelling him into the air.

"So this is the Great Dragon Armor," Yi Ming exclaimed. "And it's even more miraculous than the Great Dragon Armor I made."

"Return." Slowly descending, the scales gathered together, transforming into a scale belt that wrapped around his waist. Yi Ming hurried over and asked, "Milord, how do you feel after consuming so much Essence Blood?"

Gu Chensha waved his hand dismissively, then took out a gourd gourd and consumed three drops of Heavenly Dew. Color returned to his pale face. "I did consume a lot of Essence Blood," he said. "This is my first time using the Heavenly Dew, and it took me a third of my Essence Blood. If it weren't for the Heavenly Dew, I wouldn't have been able to recover. However, this consumption has helped me understand the path of growth of all living things. "

"Milord," Yi Ming said, sensing that Gu Chensha's aura was similar to that of a teacher, the master of all living things.

"Based on what I sensed just now," Yi Ming said, "even if I went all out, Milord, you'd still have a chance to escape. Furthermore, Xiantian Empyrean Energy cultivators below my level wouldn't be able to break through the armor's defenses and hurt you." Yi Ming's expression was one of delight. "Milord, you have a much better chance of winning."

"I can't say that I have a chance of winning," Yang Qi said. "But now I have a chance of winning. In the past, I only had a one in ten thousand chance of winning, but now I have a one in a thousand chance of winning. However, as I continue to cultivate, I should be able to step into the first or second transformation of the Dao realm. At that time, everything will be different."

Gu Chensha knew that after stepping into the Dao realm, his Sun-Moon Refinement, Sun-Moon Transformation, and Sun-Moon Annihilation had become even more powerful. In addition to that, his fleshly body was much stronger than it was now, and he didn't have to worry about his meridians rupturing.

After cultivating the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art, going from the mortal realm to the Dao realm was a huge hurdle that no one could imagine.

"Master, what should we do now?"

Yi Ming said, "Ever since Liu Yu and the other four transformed the five swords, their cultivation levels have skyrocketed. I'm afraid they will step into the Dao realm soon. They have the bloodline of the ancient Gods of Five Seasons in their bodies. God of Spring, God of Summer, God of Flame, God of Autumn, and God of Winter. The five bloodlines are restless, and they are the true descendants of the gods. This time, Master has picked up a treasure. " "This isn't a coincidence."

Gu Chensha thought about it. The ancient Gods of Five Seasons assisted the Son of Heaven in managing the world. Now that he had obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Decree, he met someone who had the bloodline of the Gods of Five Seasons. Maybe there were many arrangements in the unseen world. "Now that I have done all that I can do, I can only rest and build up my energy, and wait for the battle." Ten days passed in the blink of an eye. Early in the morning, the bugle horn was blown. Lou Baiyue had already sent someone to summon them.

Gu Chensha knew that today was the day of the battle, so he arranged his troops before the sky brightened, and came to the square of Sky Bearing Pass to wait.

As the sky started to brighten, the surroundings could be seen clearly, and the troops of the princes gradually arrived at the square.

"The troops of these princes are all wearing the Horned Dragon Armor!"

Gu Chensha saw that the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha had brought 500 troops, and all of them were wearing the Horned Dragon Armor. As for himself, he was wearing another set of armor. It was dark green in color, and there were runes all over it. The slightest movement would cause a sizzling sound.

"Your Highness, the Tenth Prince has discussed with the Heavenly Designer Institute, and spent a large amount of money and various treasures to exchange for 500 sets of Horned Dragon Armor. The armor he is wearing is called the 'Thunder Breaking Armor', and it is a heirloom of the Lei Family. He borrowed it, and its effects are not inferior to the Horned Dragon Armor. If the enemy hits him, it can even release lightning." Meixiang was also wearing the Horned Dragon Armor, and she explained.

"The equipment of the princes also needs to be purchased? Didn't the Tenth Prince transfer it to the imperial court? "Gu Chensha was a little puzzled.

"How can the Heavenly Designer Institute give it to them for free?"

Si Xiang smiled. "It is an independent organization, outside of the imperial court, and only obeys the orders of the Emperor. The various yamens have no jurisdiction over it, and they can't even enter.

As early as the fourth year of Heavenly Talisman, the Emperor erected a giant monument outside the Heavenly Designer Institute, and wrote on it that the civil and military officials, nobles, and members of the imperial family were not allowed to take half a step into the Heavenly Designer Institute without the imperial edict. Anyone who disobeyed would be killed without mercy.

The Heavenly Designer Institute is the true place of crouching tigers and hidden dragons. With the Headmaster's cultivation, it wouldn't be difficult for him to annihilate the Lei Family, so why would he give the Tenth Prince any face?

If you want the Horned Dragon Armor, you have to obediently buy it with money, or exchange it with treasures and spirit medicines. " "Indeed."

Gu Chensha nodded. "The most mysterious and important place in the imperial court is the Heavenly Designer Institute. I remember that in the fifth year of Heavenly Talisman, Imperial Uncle Yu was sentenced to death by Imperial Father because he trespassed into the Heavenly Designer Institute." The imperial court had its own rules, and even the princes couldn't do whatever they wanted.

"Who knows what new thing the Heavenly Designer Institute has developed? I have money now, so maybe I can buy what I need from there."

Gu Chensha saw many princes gathered here, "Fourteenth and Eighteenth are here too. How strong are they? I actually can't see through them?"

Fourteenth Prince Gu Yunsha and Eighteenth Prince Gu Hongsha brought troops over. Each of them brought 100 men and they were all wearing the Horned Dragon Armor.

Some of them gave off mysterious auras and no one knew what their cultivation was like. Maybe they were some old antiques. They didn't greet Gu Chensha and just whispered to one another.

"The Seventh Prince is here." The princes on the square were really restless as they saw a person descend from the sky.

He didn't wear armor and just wore a jade crown. He held a long sword and when he landed, the air currents surged and the ground sank slightly. It was as if a god had descended from the heavens.

"Master, the Seventh Prince has trained his brain with the Samadhi True Flame and passed the most dangerous stage. He has successfully stepped into the Dao Realm Ten Transformation Glass Body."

Yi Ming used an undetectable voice to remind, "I am three transformations away from him. If he wants to kill me, he will be able to do it easily."

"Your Highness, the Seventh Prince is holding the Law Breaking Celestial Sword in his hand. It seems like he borrowed the power of Legalism to successfully purify it. Does that mean that there are experts in Legalism who surpass Grand Preceptor Wen Hong?" Si Xiang asked. She was Lou Baiyue's subordinate and was well-informed. Her words were full of profound meaning.

"Law Breaking Celestial Sword! Glass Body. "

Gu Chensha knew that this sword was left behind by his mother and it fell into the hands of the Seventh Prince. Although he wanted to take it back, he knew that it would be tough.

He knew how strong the Law Breaking Celestial Sword was and the Law Breaking Celestial Sword was even stronger than it.

From Dao Realm Eight Transformation Samadhi True Flame to Nine Transformation Glass Body, it was the most dangerous. Since ancient times, there were very few cultivators who could pass this stage.

Especially when training the brain with the True Flame, a small mistake would cause one's mind to collapse. Going into cultivation deviation would be a light outcome and one would become an idiot. Their brains would explode and their bodies would burn to dust.

The Seventh Prince actually passed this stage, which meant that his cultivation had stepped into a whole new realm. He had passed the most dangerous stage and his future would be bright.