Chapter 342
===========

Among the Demon Race, there were many powerful demons that far surpassed humans. Since ancient times, Demon God-level experts had been plentiful.

However, there were very few high-level combat power, such as those at the Sage level. That was because the demonic nature was not orthodox and did not conform to the order of heaven and earth.

Beyond the realm of 36 Transformations, beyond the Three Realms and beyond the Five Elements, the Demon Race could never reach it.

Since ancient times, the Demon Race had never produced experts at the level of the three Celestial Venerables.

The characteristic of demons was that there were many, and there were many mid-level and high-level experts, but there were no top-notch experts.

In fact, it was the same for humans who cultivated demonic arts and evil techniques. They could achieve very quickly in the early stages, but the risk of Qi Deviation increased greatly in the later stages, and it was basically difficult to reach the highest realm.

Even so, if a Demon God-level expert came, he could kill Gu Chensha at any time. Even if the Common People's Wish sphere could sense him at any time, it was still very dangerous.

If he was inside the sphere, he would not be afraid of being killed by a Demon God-level expert. However, he was in the Demon Domain, and it was very easy for a super expert to cut off his connection with the sphere and kill him.

However, the good thing was that a part of his soul imprint had merged with the sphere's Primordial Spirit. Even if he was killed, with the help of Zhuge Ya and the rest, he could use the sphere's power to revive. However, his vitality would be greatly damaged, and his cultivation would be reduced by 90%. Moreover, it would probably take several years or even decades for him to revive. After a few decades, the world would be in turmoil, and there would be nothing left for him to do.

"You guys guard the altar here. I will enter the depths of the Demon Domain again."

Gu Chensha had comprehended the secrets of man and god. The power of his Primordial Spirit had increased from 150,000 to 300,000, and his strength had more than doubled. Now, he could even kill a Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth expert.

"Yes."

Liu Yu and the rest naturally obeyed. They cultivated and refined what they had obtained from the sacrifice inside the altar, and it would take them a lot of time to consolidate their cultivation.

With the altar as the center, there was no demonic Qi in a radius of two to three acres, so they could cultivate and absorb Spirit Qi to recover.

The Spiritual Qi absorbed in the Infernal Domain was rich in Demonic Qi, but the altar seemed to have a filtering function. In this way, the altar became a supply point.

Gu Chensha's Sea of Consciousness and Sea of Qi had their own independent space. They were condensed by the Grand Sacrifice of the Heavenly Abode. The Astral Energy and Primordial Spirit Power in his body were boundless and vigorous. In the Demon Area, he did not need to replenish them.

Aside from that, he had also obtained many cultivation methods of the Maha Suppression Scripture, so it was normal for him to convert demonic aura into nutrients. As soon as he left the altar, the demonic energy swarmed over, wanting to invade Gu Chensha's body.

However, a huge black sun appeared behind his head. As it rotated, it created a vortex that sucked in all of the Devil Qi. The demonic energy became a kind of fuel for his Maha Black Sun spell.

The Maha Black Sun was a profound technique in the Maha Suppression Scripture. It absorbed demonic aura and turned it into a black sun. It could be used for both offense and defense. It could also be used to fly, set up formations, kill enemies, protect oneself, and prevent demonic aura from invading one's body.

This was created by the King of Gods, the Maha God. Gu Chensha had obtained a more or less complete technique from the Skull Ash Demon Emperor. Now that he could control it with his Primordial Spirit Power, it was a piece of cake.

Not only did the demonic aura in the Demon Area not invade his body, it was even absorbed by the Maha Black Sun. Buzz …

Countless demonic aura surged into the Maha Black Sun. In a short period of time, the area around Gu Chensha turned into a vacuum. It was a scene caused by the demonic aura being sucked out and the surrounding demonic aura not being able to replenish it.

The Maha Black Sun instantly expanded and enveloped Gu Chensha. The dense demonic aura condensed and turned into a black crystal. Outside the black crystal was the Maha Black Sun. It was rumored that it could incinerate all sins.

Although the Maha Black Sun was a technique, it also contained a method to refine artifacts. The material was demonic aura.

First, the demonic aura was compressed and turned into a demonic crystal. Then, it would turn into demonic flames on the outside. The more demonic aura it absorbed, the more powerful it would be.

If one cultivated this technique for a long time, they could even extract the demonic aura in their body and turn it into the path. At that time, the Maha Black Sun would turn into a demonic statue.

In fact, the Maha Suppression Scripture that God Maha created had many techniques. Most of them were techniques to turn the demonic into the path and turn evil back to the right path. From this, it could be seen that although God Maha was the King of Evil Gods, he was not evil. On the contrary, he was a righteous god.

Gu Chensha got Liu Yu and the others to guard the altar while he entered the depths of the Demon Area to explore. This was so that when the few of them left, the altar that he had built with great difficulty would be destroyed.

It must be known that the altar was built in the Demon Area. It was like a torch in the darkness, attracting demonic beasts. However, it was too much of a waste of time to wait on the altar. Therefore, he took the initiative to enter the depths of the Demon Area to find an opportunity.

Although the depths of the Demon Area were dangerous, and according to ancient records, cultivators would definitely die if they entered it. However, there were treasures everywhere. In the past, some Immortal Dao Mystic Sects liked to send disciples who committed crimes into the Demon Area to suffer. Many disciples died there, while some disciples had a fortuitous encounter and survived in the Demon Area. Then, they walked out of the Demon Area and took revenge on the Immortal Dao Mystic Sects. In the tens of thousands of years of history of the Immortal Dao, there were a few such examples.

Other than that, there were many treasures in the Demon Area. He wanted to try his luck and sharpen his combat techniques so that he could cultivate the Golden Core of the Great Dao faster.

The Demon Area was vast and borderless. Most of the places were filled with rotting blood swamps and vicious demonic grass plains. There were also pitch-black mountain ranges. It was extremely boring and far from the green mountains and rivers of the Land of Infinity.

After staying in the Demon Domain for a long time, as long as there was a chance to leave, even a small town's smelly ditch or stable would feel like a paradise. This was especially so in the world. Everything was gray, and there was not a single clear day. Living here for a long time without being able to see the light, one would indeed go crazy and become hysterical.

Gu Chensha left the altar that he built and headed forward. On the way, he killed some demonic beasts, but he didn't meet any experts.

He didn't build another altar. Instead, he sent the essence blood and souls of the demonic beasts into the Black Mahākāśyapa to increase its strength. As he entered the depths, he felt like he had lost contact with the Common People's Wish sphere.

Instantly, that feeling of loneliness, loneliness, disappointment, and being exiled from the world rose up in him. However, this was the feeling that Gu Chensha wanted. He knew that being exiled in the Demon Area was also a form of training.

He felt that before he reached the Golden Core of the Great Dao, the potential of his primordial spirit could still be improved. Now that he could multitask 300,000 times, he might even be able to raise it to a million times.

Before the 18th Dao Realm Transformation, the stronger one's primordial spirit was, the better. If one could multitask a million times, then one's talent would be close to that of a Saint.

That way, the Golden Core he formed would be abnormally strong, and it would help him walk further on the path of cultivation.

Gu Chensha's way of thinking was different from ordinary cultivators. He had even more memories than the Black Immortal Dao Sect's Sect Leader.

The will of the North Star Empire, the memories of the three Celestials, and the fragmented memories of the previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, were enough for him to digest for a while. At the same time, he learned about cultivation secrets that countless experts, and even gods, didn't know about. Especially the news about Divergents.

Divergents were people who comprehended a law that surpassed the Heavenly Dao and broke free from the restrictions of talent. They could break through the laws and reach a higher realm. The Black Cosmos Sect's Sect Leader, Chang Weiyang, was rumored to be a Divergent.

Gu Chensha had obtained the memory fragments of the three Sky Venerables, so he had a deeper understanding of this realm. He could vaguely sense that talent was a kind of restriction that the Heavenly Dao placed on people.

Even the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, with his talent, could only reach the 36 Dao Transformations.

It was impossible to jump out of the Three Realms and reach another realm outside of the Five Elements. Only Divergents could reach this realm.

This was similar to the real world. In the real world, if a commoner wanted to be promoted, he had to take the imperial examinations. He went from the lowest Tong Sheng to Elementary Scholar, High Scholar, and Grand Scholar. As for high official positions, one had to be a Grand Scholar. If one compared it to cultivation...

Official positions were equivalent to realms. Tong Sheng, Elementary Scholar, High Scholar, and Grand Scholar were equivalent to talent. Only with enough talent could one cultivate to a higher realm. If a commoner didn't pass the imperial examinations, he would never be able to become an official. Unless it was … Suddenly, two words jumped into Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness, and that was' rebellion '! If a commoner rebelled, he could become an emperor. If a cultivator rebelled, what could he do?

If a commoner took the imperial examinations and became an official, he could at most become a Prime Minister or Marquis. It was impossible for him to become an emperor. This was decided by the system of the Imperial Court.

If a commoner rebelled, although it was dangerous and had almost no chance of success, if it succeeded, it would be the will of the heavens. Suddenly, Gu Chensha seemed to have grasped something.

His Common People Heaven Mending Technique was originally comprehended from the lives of ordinary people. Now that he had comprehended the secrets of cultivation from them, it was normal.

He had always believed that the Imperial Court, the commoners, and the order of the Heavenly Dao were inseparable.

In such a lonely environment like the Demon Region, Gu Chensha seemed to have broken through some kind of mental shackles. He recalled all the things that had happened since he started cultivating and comprehended them. He seemed to have grasped some key points of Divergents.

"If I become a Divergent, then it is equivalent to comprehending something and breaking through.

I won't be restricted by talent. "Gu Chensha grasped some key points, but he was unable to comprehend them.

However, he wasn't anxious at all. How could it be so easy to become a Divergent? He didn't think about reaching the heavens in one step. For example, if a commoner wanted to rebel, he could become an emperor? That was just wishful thinking.