Chapter 298
===========

Of course, with Gu Chensha's identity, he wouldn't go so far as to kill a small fry from Scenic Martial Commerce here.

His main goal here was to investigate the people and grasp the situation. He would then come up with a defensive strategy or attract more adventurers over to defend against the Monster and Barbarian Race attacks.

He passed on the frontline situation here to Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and the others to analyze and come up with the most perfect countermeasure.

"Yao Lian, that isn't true. How can you say that we are colluding with the Demon Ape?

We are working together to get rid of the traitors of Calming Celestial Department and get rid of evil for the Imperial Court. "

That Young Master Lie Han didn't care about Yao Lian's thoughts at all. He looked at Gu Chensha and sized him up, "However, I am here to invite you to the Great Fortune Games, so why did you bring an outsider?" "This Young Master Chen wants to join our Great Fortune Games."

Yao Lian purposely said that Gu Chensha was one of them. At the same time, she could tell that Scenic Martial Commerce and Calming Celestial Department were like fire and water.

Not long ago, Wu Dangkong had been humiliated by Calming Celestial Department. Even the entire Scenic Martial Commerce was inferior to them, so they had to take revenge.

"Forget it."

Young Master Lie Han said, "I heard that you are an important person in the Great Fortune Games. Your Yao Family and the Great Fortune Games are really close, and you have been listed as one of the grooming targets?"

"This is an internal matter of the Great Fortune Games. Young Master Lie Han doesn't need to ask too much." Yao Lian's tone wasn't polite and she placed all her attention on the old ape. The old ape's eyes were dark and sunken, and he looked at her with a lustful gaze.

"This girl's tone is unfriendly."

The old ape opened his mouth, "However, her body is filled with essence energy and she seems to have used some medicine to expand her dantian and mind ocean. The Great Fortune Games aren't simple. Since that is the case, then I will bring this girl back to enjoy her." The moment the old ape spoke, the entire place turned cold and everyone shivered. Keng keng keng! Yao Lian and the few cavalrymen pulled out their blades and waited.

"Old Ancestor, please calm down."

Young Master Lie Han hurried to play the good cop, "Old Ancestor is a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body Great Monster King, why bother with us juniors?" "What? Dao Realm Nine Transformations, Glass Jade Body. "

Yao Lian's expression changed drastically. She had just stepped into the Realm of Dao and had only undergone the first transformation, "Submit to Qi and Abstain from Grain". However, she also knew the terror of the Nine Transformations. Even if there were a hundred of her, she would still be slaughtered like vegetables.

The appearance of such a demon here meant that the true upper echelons of the demon race had appeared.

"Alright, I know that the Hongyun Games and the Tranquil Immortal Department are enemies.

I've been plotting something big in the dark. You've come here this time, and I know some of your missions.

Of course, I also have a mission. "Lie Han waved his hand," Why don't we cooperate? We can make a career out of it. "

"What should I do?" Yao Lian knew that she was in danger. If she refused, she might not be able to walk out of this door today.

"It's very simple. You can rely on our Scenic Martial Chamber of Commerce. As a spy, I will give you sufficient benefits. How about it?"

Childe Lie Han said, "Although the Hong Yun Nation has hidden its strength well, it is still far inferior to our Scenic Objects Chamber of Commerce. You won't have a future there, so it's better for a good bird to break a tree to perch on. " "So it was you who betrayed me in order to rope me in."

Yao Lian frowned, "This is a serious matter. I have to go back and think about it. I'll give you an answer in a few days. How about it?" "Hahaha, is this a delaying tactic?" Childe Lie Han laughed, "To be honest, if you enter my door today, you won't be able to leave.

The barbarians and the demon race armies are about to attack, and I'm discussing important matters with the ape ancestor. If you go out and leak the news, won't you add more trouble to me? " "You're really bold."

Yao Lian sneered, "You made an invitation, held a banquet, and invited me to rely on your Scenic Martial Chamber of Commerce. If I don't obey, I'm afraid I'll die in the hands of this demon ape today."

"Jie Jie Jie Jie …" The old demon ape laughed and was about to stand up. Childe Lie Han quickly stopped him, "Ancestor, don't worry. There will be benefits in the future." The old demon ape didn't move.

"Incense Master Yao Lian, this time I invited you not only to threaten you, but also to give you benefits."

Childe Lie Han said, "I've been ordered to rope you in. If you join us, I have a Two Cauldron Pill here. This pill was given by the ancient emperor to the nobles.

This pill is most suitable for people who step into the Dao Realm to cleanse their marrow, expand their meridians, and strengthen their foundations.

If you consume it, not only will you increase your strength by two cauldrons, but you'll also immediately step into the second transformation of the Dao Realm, the Nine Oxen and Two Tigers Realm.

Apart from that, these two cauldrons can expand your acupoints, absorb more spiritual energy, and strengthen your dantian's compression ability. In the future, it'll be easier to cultivate Xiantian Earth Energy. Your Yao Family is an ancient family and is the best at medicine. You should know the effects of the Two Cauldron Pill, right? " "These two cauldron pills are indeed good stuff."

After Gu Chensha heard this, he nodded his head. This pill was obtained from a sacrifice. Based on his calculations, with Yao Lian's talent, it would be extremely difficult for her to cultivate the sixth transformation of the Dao Realm, Xiantian Earth Energy. She probably only had a 10% chance.

If she consumed the Two Cauldron Pill, she would have at least an 80% chance of cultivating the sixth transformation of the Xiantian Earth Energy.

"You actually took out the Two Cauldron Pill."

Yao Lian was moved, "This pill is very expensive. I think you have other ideas besides wanting me to join you." "This is what the higher-ups want."

Lie Han said, "I'm just following orders. As for what I want you to do in the future, the higher-ups will pass it down. You don't have a choice today.

Either you get humiliated to death by Old Ape, or you get the Two Cauldron Pill to increase your strength. "

"It seems like Concubine Ming has her eyes on something in the Yao Family and some secret of the Hong Yun Games. Otherwise, why would she spend so much on me?" Yao Lian said.

"That's not something I know," Lie Han looked at Gu Chensha, "Mister Chen is actually in the Dao Realm, and the second transformation? He's also a strong person. Why don't you join the Scenic Martial Trade Association? " "The Scenic Martial Trade Association colludes with demons. That's a big crime. How can I be on their side? "

Gu Chensha laughed. He didn't care. These people were playing tricks on the border. It was useless for the big picture, but it was also a way to accumulate power.

However, this method of recruiting people was simple and crude. It was obvious that Wu Dangkong didn't have any capable people under his command.

"Since he's so stubborn, then kill him." Lie Han waved his hand, "Old Ancestor, I'll leave him to you." "Wait!"

Yao Lian waved her hand, "Lie Han, no matter how fierce and arrogant your Scenic Martial Trade Association is, you can't cross the line.

Mister Chen has a reputation. You colluded with demons and killed him as you please. If this gets out, I'm afraid Concubine Ming won't be able to handle it. " "Who can spread this?"

Lie Han sneered, "Right now, Concubine Ming's enemy is the Calming Xian Department. In a few days, the Calming Xian Department will be destroyed. At that time, there will be no power in the world that can compete with Concubine Ming."

"Incense Master Yao Lian, it's none of your business. You'd better get out of the way." Lie Han sneered, "Could it be that you don't agree to join us?" "You're on the same side as demons. Why would I join you?" Yao Lian flatly refused, ready to fight.

"Jie Jie Jie Jie … Good, very good. I have a plaything now. Don't worry, I won't let you die so quickly." The old monster ape laughed, very happy.

It grabbed forward with its palm, and suddenly, Xiantian Gang Qi surged, turning into a Qi cover, covering everything. Crackle!

Just as the Xiantian Gang Qi was about to fall, a figure appeared. He drew a circle with his hands, and suddenly, a huge whirlpool appeared, sucking in all the Xiantian Gang Qi.

The old monster ape's expression suddenly changed. It screamed and was about to fly up, as if it had seen a powerful person.

However, the moment it flew up, the person gently waved his hand, and the huge Xiantian Gang Qi turned into a palm, pressing the old monster ape to the ground. No matter how hard it struggled, it was useless. This change happened in an instant.

"Greetings, Red Sun Emissary." After seeing this person clearly, Yao Lian knelt down on one knee emotionally.

"Red Sun Emissary?"

Gu Chensha had sensed that someone was here, which was why he didn't attack when the old monster ape attacked. The Red Sun Emissary was a young man who was really handsome. His face was like jade, his body was tall and straight, and he gave off a heroic aura.

Gu Chensha sensed that this person's cultivation was actually higher than his. Dao Realm Fifteen Transformations, Heaven's Eye hung in the air.

"Very good."

A smile appeared on the Red Sun Emissary's face, "Chief Yao Lian, get up. You weren't threatened by death and weren't tempted by the two cauldrons of pills. You have shown enough loyalty. I will definitely report this to the Master and tell him of your loyalty. Also, these two cauldrons of pills will be your reward. This monster ape has some strength and can be refined into a puppet for me to use. " He didn't even look at Young Master Lie Han. He waved his hands and a talisman formed.

This talisman wasn't formed from Xiantian Gang Qi but from the soul. It was really mysterious and it directly shot into the old monster ape's mind.

"This is an ancient mystic technique. It is somewhat similar to the Faithless Mind Seizing Talisman. However, the Faithless Mind Seizing Talisman allows an extremely weak person to control a powerful existence. This mystic technique is called brainwashing."

In an instant, the old monster ape stood up. His eyes were blank and he had already become a puppet. He wasn't as smart as before and his intelligence was greatly reduced.

"You are really bold."

The Red Sun Emissary said to Young Master Lie Han, "Hand over the two cauldrons of pills and join our Hong Yun Meet. We will let you live." "Jiang Hongri, you actually turned this old monster ape into a puppet. This is a huge problem."

Young Master Lie Han wasn't afraid at all. Instead, he giggled, "Our Concubine Ming has already discussed with your Master. Why, do you want to deal with me?"