Chapter 473
===========

There was no telling how long he cultivated.

Gu Chensha only needed to circulate his energy, and before he knew it, a month had passed. Three months. Half a year.

If he continued like this, he wouldn't be able to sense the vicissitudes of the human world, nor would he be able to sense how much time had affected the mortal world.

In short, long periods of secluded cultivation could temper his magic power and make it purer, but it had little to no effect on his cultivation.

Now that the Wish Tree was complete, the development of the Life's Wish sphere came to a temporary halt. He needed to go out and finish his unfinished business. His top priority was to obtain the secrets of the Dharma Saint from the Legalists.

It would be best if he could learn from Chang Yuzhou and obtain all of the Dharma Saint's memories. That way, his future path of cultivation would be smooth sailing.

Chang Yuzhou's memories were of enormous benefit to Gu Chensha, but they couldn't compare to the Dharma Saint's.

The Dharma Saint's comprehension of magic power and his research of the Heavenly Dao were things that Gu Chensha absolutely needed to obtain.

"The Legalists actually put forth such harsh conditions. They clearly don't care about the Calmness Immortal Department at all, and they even want to kill me. If we don't weaken the Legalists, then when the Devil Calamity comes, the Legalists will be the first to attack us."

Gu Chensha knew that because of the Dragon-Raising Heart Sutra, the Dragon-Making Heart Sutra, the Heaven-Demon Tree, the Life's Wish sphere, and even the Lord of Seven Stars, the Calmness Immortal Department was a juicy piece of meat to the Legalists. He gave Zhuge Ya a few instructions, then headed back to the Dharma Province.

"I haven't been out for half a year. I've been focusing on turning the Heaven-Demon Tree into the Wish Tree. It seems the world has changed yet again."

This time, Gu Chensha was carefully observing the world. In the sky, he transformed into a gentle breeze, a white cloud, and the light of the sun and moon. In the blink of an eye, the entire Divine Continent was enveloped by his gaze.

The destiny of the entire Divine Continent was growing stronger and stronger. It was no longer the crimson red it had been at the beginning, nor was it the golden kingdom that had settled down. Instead, it had reached a deep purple, the color of immortal qi. Purple qi was the most supreme of all.

This was the result of Yongchō's development reaching its pinnacle, the awakening of the people, and the explosive growth of the population.

It had been almost a year since Gu Chensha established the [Common People's Wish Institute] to encourage fertility and spread the Dragon Nurturing Mantra.

In the past year, he had not participated in the specific operations, but Lou Baiyue and The Fourth had followed his footsteps.

Under the lead of the Celestial Tranquility Department, a birth frenzy once again arose in the world. Land began to be scarce everywhere, and land prices skyrocketed, leading to a climax of large-scale construction.

Every household became wealthy, and with money on hand, they began to build houses and gardens. There were even some rich families who desperately bought land and hired experts to set up formations. Even some of the local tyrants in the countryside began to know about Spirit Gathering Formations and had people set them up. A large number of experts appeared among the people. It was already the twenty-fifth year of the Heavenly Talisman. It had been eleven years since Gu Chensha made his debut.

People at Dao Realm Transformation Fifteen Heaven Eye Hanging Space would turn their soul into a heaven eye and hang in the air. They would be able to see everything within 1,000 miles and they would even be able to see the minerals and treasures underground.

As for Gu Chensha, his cultivation base was no longer something that low-level cultivators could match up against.

With just a thought, he could silently observe the entire China Continent, the ocean, the desert, East Wasteland, and many other areas. Many of the aristocratic families in the Central Continent were deeply engraved in his mind.

Normally speaking, even if a Deity were to release their divine will to spy on the entire Central Divine Prefecture, many of the hidden old-timers would be displeased. However, Gu Chensha's spying wasn't something that could be detected. He had become one with the sunlight, and there was no way to tell what was going on. He was the sun in the sky, and the sun in the sky was him.

He used the quality of the Heaven Path Technique to control the Sun and Moon Shine Together, which far exceeded the strength that Gu Tianzi could display.

After half a year of secluded meditation, he came to find trouble with the Legalists and also to observe the situation in the world. He wanted to see if there were any loopholes in the Imperial Court. Honglong! His consciousness spread out limitlessly. Many scenes of the China Continent appeared in his mind and he could see them clearly. Gu Chensha's Spiritual Sense could now do eight million things at once, even exceeding Zhuge Ya's. With just his own combat strength, even Zhuge Ya was not his match.

The 99 states of the Central Continent were developing rapidly, but the aristocratic families were developing even faster.

Gu Chensha saw that the Sage clans and the descendants of the gods — the legalists, the Wu, the Fan, the Heng, the Lei, the Wen, the Hong, and the Yun clans — were expanding even faster than the country as a whole. They were rapidly plundering the country's providence, but they didn't give it back to the common people.

"Sores, tumors, pustules …" Such a feeling appeared in the depths of Gu Chensha's heart and became stronger and stronger.

The overbearing aristocratic families were all tumors on the country. They absorbed nutrients but didn't give it back to strengthen themselves. Instead, they controlled the country and affected the health of the Imperial Court. No matter how much the Imperial Court expanded, most of the country's luck was absorbed by these aristocratic families. If this continued, the country would collapse very quickly.

It was just like how in the past dynasties, when land was acquired, the large families would desperately buy land, causing the small families to gradually be unable to survive. In the end, as long as there was a small spark, it would immediately explode, and the world would be in revolution.

And these aristocratic families had never been removed from power since ancient times. No matter how the dynasties rose or fell, they would always stand tall, and the ones who took the blame for them were the Imperial Court of the past.

"If I don't get rid of these aristocratic families, the world can't be truly peaceful."

Gu Chensha observed for a long time and sighed in his heart. Logically speaking, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor could completely destroy these aristocratic families and establish an unshakable foundation. However, he didn't do that. He only sealed the gods and expanded outwards, destroying the barbarians and demons, and then suppressing the Heavenly Dao.

In his opinion, perhaps the matters of the aristocratic families should be left to Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and the others. This was training and also nurturing. There was nothing that he couldn't do.

"Thankfully, Baiyue has already contacted the various governors and reached an agreement with them to support them and restrain the aristocratic families. However, this is just doing things among the common people. If we really want to destroy and divide the aristocratic families, we have to do it from the higher-ups. As long as we seal all the Deity experts of those aristocratic families and take away their foundation, they will collapse.

But where do we have the strength to do that? "Gu Chensha had already appeared in the Dharma Province.

It was still the Dharma Province City. The Common People's Wish Academy of the Celestial Calmness Department was actually built here. This was all the result of their cooperation with Wen Hanlong.

Although the Legalists had absolute control over the Dharma Province, the world was still under the Imperial Court's control. The Devil Calamity hadn't broken out yet, so the Legalists couldn't go overboard.

A huge railway was built outside the Dharma Province City, connecting the surroundings. Iron carriages that resembled centipedes emitted flames as they sped forward at a speed of several thousand li per day, transporting goods from the Dharma Province to the rest of the country, and then transporting the specialties of the various provinces here. Huge floating boats floated in the sky, transporting goods back and forth at an even faster speed. This was the most eye-catching thing about the Celestial Calmness Department.

Since ancient times, the various aristocratic families and even the Celestial Path Mysterious Sects could craft such flying boats. However, there were very few of them and they weren't practical.

People from the Celestial Path Mysterious Sects could fly on their own, so it was a waste of materials to craft such ships that didn't have high defense and attack abilities.

Moreover, although the flying speed of the ships was really fast, compared to true cultivators, it was much slower.

The speed of the ships couldn't compare to the speed of a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Jade Body Cultivator flying at full speed. It could only carry many people. It was flashy but not practical. This was what many cultivators thought of the ships.

Gu Chensha didn't care. His goal was to create such a huge ship to cause a sensation among the commoners. When the commoners saw such strength, there was no reason for them to believe in him.

Along with the Dharma Province Governor Wen Hanlong, Gu Chensha wanted to slowly spread the Celestial Calmness Department's power into Dharma Province.

After observing for a while in Dharma Province City, he silently headed towards the plains that the Legalists occupied. He saw the familiar plains and the main gate of the Legalists, the Gate of Order.

This time, he didn't head over to pay them a visit. Instead, he turned into Dou Nineteen and activated the talismans that Wen Hong, Tai Xuandu, and Chang Weiyang had crafted. Along with his own Heaven Path Technique, he was actually exactly the same as Dou Nineteen, turning into Dou Nineteen's undying body. Then, he activated his body and snuck into the Legalists' palace. It was the same for Dou Nineteen's style. He was too lazy to do any visiting etiquettes.

If he wanted to head to Celestial Path Mysterious Sects, he would directly sneak in and then find the higher-ups to talk to them. If the higher-ups didn't notice him, he didn't mind stealing some things.

The Celestial Path Mysterious Sects couldn't do anything to him. They didn't dare to fight him and they didn't dare to kill him. This was the reason why Dou Nineteen's reputation was so bad.

Gu Chensha used the same trick again. It would be best if he could find some of the Legalists' flaws and obtain their treasures to strengthen the Life's Wish Sphere. Then, he would shift the blame to Dou Nineteen.

Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya also had a clear grasp of Dou Nineteen's whereabouts. After all, this person had left his natal brand on the Heavenly Demon Tree. Now that the Heavenly Demon Tree had evolved into the Tree of Wishes, it was even easier to grasp his every move.

Dou Nineteen was currently cultivating in seclusion somewhere, attempting to dispel the brand he had left behind and sever his relationship with the Celestial Calmness Department. This was something that would happen sooner or later. With the three Heavenly Venerables' resources, it was impossible for them to control Dou Nineteen.

Now that the three Heavenly Venerables were doing something important, Gu Chensha seized the opportunity to shift the blame to Dou Nineteen.

The last time he entered the Legalists, Gu Chensha had secretly observed the layout of the Legalists when he accepted the banquet hosted by the six elders. He discovered that there were layers of restrictive spells that prevented outsiders from entering. It would be extremely dangerous for him to barge in himself. But that was almost ten months ago.