Chapter 89
==========

In the barbarian race, priests, nobles, commoners, and slaves had a strict hierarchy. The lower had to obey the higher ups.

The priests represented the power of gods and nobles represented the power of kings. Although there were battles, due to the existence of evil gods, the power of gods suppressed the power of kings.

But when these normal priests saw the Shadow Priest, they subconsciously moved aside. Even those who weren't able to dodge bowed and didn't dare to show any disrespect.

"Looks like I made the right move. If I don't impersonate this Shadow Priest, it'll be very difficult to sneak in." Gu Chensha quickly walked through the main gate of the temple. No one dared to stop him, and he walked straight in. The status of a Dao Realm Transformation Six Shadow Priest was unimaginably high.

The Shadow Priest was a lone ranger and cultivated alone. He didn't even listen to the arrangements of the higher-ups and just followed the orders of the gods. Of course, he didn't have much power and his life was about assassinating, cultivating, and communicating with the gods. This was why the higher-ups didn't restrict him. This identity didn't communicate with others but it was suitable for him to sneak in.

The moment he entered, he recalled Yi Ming's information. A map of the entire temple appeared in his mind.

In the middle was the place where the higher-ups of the Divine Temple, including the archbishops and the high priests, resided and cultivated.

The south was the sacrificial square, the west was where the treasury was, the north was where the criminals were locked up, and the east was where the priests lived.

Apart from that, there were all sorts of side halls that were used to raise beasts, refine pills, craft blades, train cavalry, teach scriptures, and train energy.

The temple was huge and spanned 100 miles. It was all made of jade-like stones that were smooth and ancient. Who knew how many years had passed?

There were priests walking to and fro in the hall. There were no weaklings and all of them were martial arts masters. Sometimes, one would see priests who were at the first or second transformation of Dao Realm.

Based on tradition, the priests wore white robes, the higher-ups wore red robes, the High Priest wore purple, the bishops wore gold, and it was said that the archbishop wore a multi-colored robe. Shadow Priests, on the other hand, always wore black robes.

Gu Chensha found out that the Shadow Priest was at the sixth transformation and his status was similar to the High Priest's. He had a high status and no one dared to bother him. Then, he headed straight for the treasury on the west side of the temple. Of course, even if he was a Shadow Priest, he couldn't just casually enter the treasury.

However, he had his own methods. Since the treasury was guarded, there would be loopholes. He could find the loopholes and sneak in. However, it was like a mouse entering a rice coop and moving as it pleased.

After walking for half a day, he saw that he was about to reach the treasury. The defenses were tight. He flashed into a corner and entered the space of the Sun Moon Altar. There, he cultivated and waited quietly. The patrolling guards came in waves, seemingly endless, not giving anyone any chance at all.

Gu Chensha was also very patient. He observed and cultivated on the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar. He could see the situation outside clearly, but others couldn't see or touch him. This feeling was extremely mystical.

The faint radiance of the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar shone down and seeped into his body. Cultivating the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art was twice the result with half the effort.

He practiced all kinds of fist techniques and comprehended the Scripture of Hell Suppression and the Chaotic World Demon Tome. Good and evil combined as one, his blood energy circulated endlessly. Just like that, he cultivated for a few hours.

The guards near the treasury finally began to change. Some of the guards slowly retreated, while others came in from the outside.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, he left the space of the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar and advanced as fast as he could. He only stopped when he encountered another wave of guards.

Just like that, he would hide whenever he encountered someone. When there was no one around, he would appear and advance. Two days later, he was close to the treasury.

There wasn't just one treasury in the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar. There were weapons, armors, medicinal pills, magical treasures, secret manuals … all sorts of things. He wasn't in a hurry. He hid and observed the patterns. He noticed that over the past two days, there were also Priests carrying boxes in from the outside and storing the treasures in the treasury. Other than that, there were also Priests who were ordered to take out top-quality weapons, armors, and other items from the treasury. With his previous experience, Gu Chensha had become a habitual thief. The space of the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar was like a divine artifact. No one could detect him.

On top of that, after the Great Dragon Armor absorbed the Dragonification Elixir, it floated silently in the air like a ghost. This made it even easier for him to move. He could even fly to the top of the hall and hide. He had many opportunities to enter the treasury, but he didn't dare to act rashly.

That was because he realized that these treasury didn't contain top-notch treasures. What he needed now wasn't treasures, weapons, and medicinal pills, but items that could rapidly raise his strength. For example, the Dragonification Elixir and spirit crystals.

If he could obtain a large amount of Dragonification Elixir and neutralize it with spirit crystals, his Great Dragon Armor would be able to evolve into the King Dragon Armor. With that kind of armor, even Yi Ming wouldn't be able to do anything to him. Flood Dragon, Chi Dragon, Grand Dragon, King Dragon, and above that would be the Divine Dragon. From this, one could see how powerful the King Dragon Armor was. The Devil Subduing Blade could also take shape. The Horned Wyrm Armor could also be upgraded. He was very patient. He observed and waited. He wasn't in a hurry.

After observing for another three days, he finally noticed that out of the hundreds of treasury, there was one that was the most mysterious. It was an ancient bronze door that even the guards couldn't get close to. Moreover, every other day, two bishops wearing golden priest robes would come to take a look. They would chant to open the door and enter. They would only come out two hours later.

He looked from afar and saw that the bronze door was really deep. It actually led underground and he couldn't see what was inside.

The two bishops were really strong and based on his deduction, Gu Chensha felt that they were above Yi Ming. This was why he didn't act rashly.

In the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple, the bishops were only weaker than the archbishop. The archbishop was called Yuan Shasheng and no one knew what his cultivation was. The bishops were all at the seventh and eighth stages of Dao Realm. Some were even stronger than overlords.

One had to know that this was the Ape Barbarian Holy Land, the main temple of the Chaotic World Demon Ape God. The hundreds of millions of barbarians believed in this place and along with the protection of the evil god, there were as many experts as the clouds.

"Two bishops check the treasury each day but they aren't the same people. They rotate for three days, which means that there are at least six bishop level experts."

Gu Chensha calculated and felt that if he wanted to swallow this temple, it would be like an ant swallowing the sky. He wouldn't even be able to dream about it.

Luckily, this was within his calculations. Even if he couldn't swallow this place, he would steal treasures to increase his strength. He would cause chaos here and people would feel uneasy. If he could, then he would bring people to take advantage of the situation. If not, then he would leave and return to the border to learn from the other princes.

"The two bishops went in to check, and the door was not closed. I can take the opportunity to go in, and then hide again. However, I have to control the time and speed." Gu Chensha secretly calculated, but he was not in a hurry. On the fourth day, he still observed and didn't attack. He just cultivated quietly.

During these few days of cultivation, he comprehended the mysteries of the Sun and Moon Altar. He also sorted out his martial arts and his foundations became stronger and stronger.

Ever since he came out of the capital city, he almost didn't cultivate properly. He was fighting every day and accumulated a lot of experience, but he didn't have time to digest it.

First, he fought the Black Demon Bat, killed the Yin-Yang Scholar, killed the Hundred Poisons Daoist and the Blood Soul Sect Leader among thousands of barbarian cavalry, then met the Xian Dynasty's royal family, Chen Family, obtained the Untrustworthy Mind Snatching Talisman, went to the Peach County Temple to subdue the Oracle and made him a slave "Yi Ming" … He carefully sorted out this series of events during these few days of boredom, to see where he did wrong and where he did right.

This way, his martial arts and his character could verify each other, making his soul and flesh even more ethereal.

On the fifth day, another two bishops chanted an incantation to open the bronze door and entered to investigate. They were different from the previous bishops. There were ten different bishops in total.

Just two of these ten bishops would be able to kill Gu Chensha's team, including Yi Ming, more than ten times over. Gu Chensha waited for them to enter before suddenly appearing and entering the bronze door.

But the moment he entered, he jumped into the Sun and Moon Altar. From the perspective of outsiders, he was like a flickering shadow that disappeared after jumping into the bronze door. Whoosh!

As expected, the moment he disappeared, a golden-robed bishop appeared in his place. He was the one who went in to investigate. He sensed something and immediately came to the door. He was so fast that it seemed like he was teleporting. If not for Gu Chensha's agility, he would have been caught on the spot and would not have had the chance to return to the Sun and Moon Altar.

"He's indeed powerful. I calculated again and again and felt that nothing would happen, but I still broke out in a cold sweat."

Gu Chensha stood in the space of the Sun and Moon Altar and looked at the golden-robed bishop who was walking to and fro to investigate. His heart could not help but pound. If he had been half a beat slower, he might have died. The golden-robed bishop's eyes seemed to flicker with fire. He sniffed and searched everywhere.

The other two bishops also arrived. The two conversed in the barbarian language and searched again, but they still did not find anything. Only then did they give up and go down to investigate for a while. Then, they chanted an incantation and closed the bronze door. Gu Chensha waited for the two to leave, but he did not move. Instead, he waited quietly.

As expected, it did not take a day. Two hours later, the bronze door opened again. The two bishops appeared and checked the surroundings again. They did not find anything, so they left.

"As expected, it's a second investigation." Gu Chensha laughed coldly. "I have plenty of patience."

This time, it was completely safe. He came out of the space of the Sun and Moon Altar and started to go deeper.

These days, he had observed clearly. There should be no one guarding the back of the bronze door. It was very secretive, and if his level was not high enough, he would not be able to open the door. After the investigation, it would be safe for at least a day, which was enough for him to do many things.

Landing on the ground, there was a bronze staircase. It went all the way down, forming a spiral staircase that went deep underground.

He floated in the air and did not step on the ground. There might be some mechanism or alarm on the ground.

The spiral staircase was very long. It went thousands of feet underground before the underground palace appeared. At the center of the underground palace was a pool made of bones. In the middle of the pool was roiling blood.

"It really is the Dragon Transformation Fluid!" Gu Chensha was overjoyed. "I didn't come here for nothing. That is …"

In this pool of Dragon Transformation Fluid, there was actually a small pagoda floating. This pagoda had nine levels and was one foot tall. There were countless runes flashing on each level. It was not afraid of the tyrannical blazing power of the Dragon Transformation Fluid at all.

One must know that the Dragon Transformation Fluid was brewed from the essence of countless prehistoric beasts' bloodlines, spiritual liquid, divine water, and all kinds of heavenly materials and earthly treasures. This was the wisdom of many evil gods. In order to let the barbarian race prosper, this fluid was no small matter. Not only was it difficult to refine, it also had the disadvantage of burning treasures. The more Dragon Transformation Fluid there was, the stronger the blazing power would be.

"Could this be the Dragon Transformation Pagoda that Yi Ming mentioned? But why is it so small?

Could it be a model? "Gu Chensha immediately went forward to see how he could collect the Dragon Transformation Fluid here.