Chapter 109
===========

"You are right about this."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor nodded in agreement. "That's why I have set this as a hundred-year plan. However, you are worrying too much when you say that it will drag down the imperial court. I will definitely have a plan this year.

Right now, every region has a good harvest every year and the stored rations are starting to accumulate. Some of the storage rooms have already started to rot and rot. Everyone has food to eat, but what about the surplus?

Other than that, the Heavenly Designer Institute has already developed a type of fertilizer called spirit fertilizer. At that time, even the most barren lands would be able to produce several times more food. With so much stored up, wouldn't it be a waste if they didn't circulate it?

In addition, those academies aren't just for studying and practicing martial arts. They will also conduct all sorts of research, forming a Heavenly Designer Institute.

In addition, the students can supervise the government and form public opinion. They can also write a letter to express their opinions on matters of injustice and administrative affairs that are not handled properly. Not only that, they can also restrain the illegal activities of the rich and powerful. This is a mutual balance. Wherever there is a dense population, there will definitely be business opportunities. Although the academy does not accept money or food from the students, it can also do business on its own. The business path is the foundation of circulation, so it is not a disgrace to the culture. Of course, these specific administrative affairs can be handed over to the subordinates.

"This is truly a huge change."

The ministers could already see the determination of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Especially the fact that both boys and girls could enter the academies, this would definitely cause an uproar among the commoners.

Throughout the generations, the commoners valued males and despised females. Originally, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had already gotten rid of this bad habit several years ago. Now that the academies were being established, the imperial court would provide money and rations. More geniuses would emerge from the female populace.

"Also, I have prepared a national policy for the next ten years. All commoners above the age of sixty will be able to receive rations from the imperial court every season. At the same time, they will be able to seek medical treatment for free and be supported by the country. What does everyone think?"

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor continued, "As the ancient sages said, the young will be taught, the old will be taken care of, the world will be unified. This is my goal." "Your Majesty, this is truly benevolence spreading throughout the world."

The Prime Minister and Zhu Xia both trembled. They were all great Confucians, seeking to rule the world. Upon hearing this decree, they all knelt down, "This subject thanks Your Majesty on behalf of the commoners." "The world has suffered since ancient times. The commoners have suffered many hardships."

The Heavenly Talisman Great Monarch sighed, "First, I will use my iron fist to eradicate the darkness in the world, sweeping away the evils in the universe. After that, I will seek for the good of the people, teaching them to be strong and independent, restoring order to the world. In time, the people of the world will understand my painstaking efforts."

"Your Majesty, we swear to fulfill this wish with our lives." Lou Chongxiao and all the officials said at the same time.

"Esteemed guests, a few days ago, the Heavenly Designer Institute built a railway outside the capital and tested out the steel carriages. What do you think?" The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor asked.

"Your subject has gone to take a look."

Fang Lin said, "However, for this carriage to operate, it must be paved with steel. This is too extravagant. If it were to be paved everywhere, the imperial court would not be able to find enough steel."

"Then let's open up the mines. This matter will be handed over to the Heavenly Craftsmen Institute. In the past ten years or so, the population of the nation has been extremely large. If we don't create more industries, people will have nothing to do."

Heavenly Talisman Emperor: "Smelting steel is also a part of the academy's curriculum. When I opened the academy, I wanted to learn from the material, not from poetry. Everyone, listen carefully.

This year, I want to build the railway from the capital to the border, to facilitate the transportation of resources and the movement of the people. After that, I will build the railway all over the country. " "Your Majesty, this matter is important and concerns the people's livelihood. Your subjects will do their best to complete this task. "

Lou Chongxiao's heart was on high alert. He knew the significance of this task was no less than building the canal and the Great Wall. This was something the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had to do.

"Everything I do is to move the people of the nation. The nation is a body, and the people are the blood and essence of the body. The faster the blood and essence circulates, the stronger the body. If the blood and essence doesn't circulate, the body will die." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said, "You must remember this when you govern?" "Yes."

"This year's Spring Examinations are about to begin. How are the ships transporting the students coming and going?"

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor asked, "The topic of this year's Spring Examinations is to pacify the barbarians. Let's see what these students can come up with." "Replying to Your Majesty, everything is ready." "Then let us discuss the customs and governance." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said. In the Desolate Lands, Monarch Chen's fief. Bang!

The two of them split apart, their palms striking the ground like hammers. However, the ground wasn't damaged at all, showing how strong the castle was.

"King's fist energy is actually so strong, able to fight against me!" Cold Jade was astonished, "My realm is four transformations higher than King's." "As long as it is a physical fight, I can easily resolve it."

Gu Chensha was really calm. He spread his palms apart and used the Great Spirit God Fist, "However, I know that you showed mercy. If we really fought, I wouldn't be your match. With my current cultivation, I can at most fight evenly with a cultivator at the fourth transformation."

Cold Jade's cultivation was really strong and she was an expert at the fifth transformation. Facing such a person, Gu Chensha naturally wouldn't let her off. He would often find her to spar.

That day, Gu Chensha was still a Grandmaster and comprehended the Sun and Moon Transformation. He was able to cause the Blood Soul Sect Leader, who was at the second transformation, to sweat profusely. Now, he was at the first transformation and was comprehending the Sun and Moon Dragon. Apart from that, he had many fortuitous encounters and his cultivation was much higher than before. He was actually able to fight evenly with Cold Jade.

Cold Jade was originally at the fourth transformation, but after she obtained Gu Chensha's Heaven Dew, she improved by leaps and bounds and stepped into the fifth transformation. She started to absorb spiritual energy and gather it in her body. She compressed it, converted it, and squeezed it. In the end, she gave birth to Xiantian Earth Energy and broke away from the range of physical strength.

"To be able to fight someone at the fourth transformation at the first transformation, Your Highness' martial arts are unparalleled."

Cold Jade was actually shocked. When she clashed with Gu Chensha, his fists and legs were really heavy and each movement gave her the feeling of a giant mountain crushing down on her. His fist strength had exceeded the Nine Bulls and Two Tigers, but he was still at the first transformation and hadn't reached the level where his entire body was covered in energy.

He was only at the first transformation and his fist strength was already so strong, so how strong would he be when he reached the second transformation?

Gu Chensha had gained a lot from training with an expert like Cold Jade. He roughly understood his own combat strength. Without relying on the Demon Descending Blade and Great Dragon Armor, he could fight against a cultivator at the fourth transformation with his bare fists. If the other party couldn't kill him, then it would be hard for him to kill the other party. He was quite satisfied with such an achievement.

One must know that each time the realm advanced, one's combat strength would be much stronger and it would be hard to break through the suppression of the realm.

After he cultivated the Sun Moon Dragon, he needed a huge amount of spiritual energy. Luckily, he had enough Heaven Dew, which allowed his cultivation to soar. Slowly, the blood in his body became thicker and his muscles, bones, and skin started to change.

He estimated that in less than a year, his energy would reach the hundred bones. When he breathed, spiritual energy would flow around his body and his limbs would be filled with strength. He would reach the second transformation of the Dao Realm. Logically speaking, the stronger the technique, the harder it would be to cultivate it.

If he cultivated the Great Spirit God Technique and had so much Heaven Dew to support him, he would have broken through to the third or fourth transformation long ago.

"The decree is here, Prince Chen, receive it." The two of them were about to speak when a voice spread in from outside.

Gu Chensha rushed out and saw a few eunuchs holding the decree. He knelt on the ground to receive it.

"Little Nineteen, I accept your filial piety. You have done well recently, so I will give you a Death Exemption Talisman." The decree was as simple as ever.

"Prince, this is the first time the Emperor has given you a Death Exemption Talisman." The head eunuch smiled, "It seems like the Emperor really dotes on you."

"Thank you, eunuch, for rushing over from so far away." Gu Chensha told his godson to hand over the gift.

"It's not hard on us. Your Highness's fief already leads into the pass. The road is smooth and the ground is made of stone and mud. There isn't even the slightest bit of mud. There are also relay stations on both sides of the road. Along the way, you can enjoy the scenery of the Wilderness.

The eunuch accepted the gift and smiled, "But I will have to leave right after the decree is passed. I can't stay for long, otherwise, I would really like to enjoy the scenery." "Then take care, eunuch. I have a few good barbarian horses for eunuch."

Gu Chensha nodded his head and looked on as they left. He then saw a jade talisman beside the decree.

The jade talisman was half a foot long and on it were two words: Death Exemption Talisman. It seemed like it was carved deep into the jade and formed natural patterns. The two words shook the heavens and reversed life and death. It was domineering. If I don't let you die, no one can.

"Congratulations."

Cold Jade was taken aback, "This talisman was personally written by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor himself. Not only is it a protective talisman of the Imperial Court, it can also be used to exempt one from the death penalty. In fact, if one were to encounter a powerful enemy, one could activate this talisman and transform it into the might of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Even gods wouldn't be able to do anything to him. Back then when Marquis Dushi was constructing the Great Stone Wall, an evil god came to kill him. He also had this talisman and managed to expel the evil god.

"Impossible, even a god can't do anything to it?"

With Gu Chensha's current cultivation, he wasn't even an ant compared to a real god. "Does Imperial Father think so highly of me? If that's the case, this talisman is worth far more than the Seven Sacred Heart Pill. "