Chapter 322
===========

Gu Chensha used his Dao Realm Sixteen Transformation Body Reincarnation cultivation to use the formation and the Seven Colored Demon Vine to refine the Twenty Transformation Impermanence Gathering Demon Monster.

He had advanced two realms consecutively and even comprehended some secrets of the Great Massacre Divine Art. This was no small matter. The gap between him and the demon shrunk. Of course, even with his cultivation, he was no match for the demon.

Luckily, he laid out the formation for four months and killed millions of demons to form the Seven Colored Demon Vine. He stored a huge amount of energy in the roots of the vine. Now that he activated all of it, he used it to refine the demon's power and nourish himself.

The battle with the demon benefited him greatly. His strength increased greatly and he comprehended many things that he hadn't comprehended before.

His talent was that of a top genius and he absorbed the Star Mysteries of Heaven Sin and Earth Evil. His talent was even better and he was already at the peak of the top geniuses. His comprehension ability was not something that normal experts could compare to. It was even tough to find a few people with higher talent than him in the 72 Celestial Path Gates.

His ability to comprehend had been proven right now. Under the refinement of the monster's magic power, some of the concepts that he couldn't fuse together were now connected. Many of the cultivation problems that he had been pondering over were now solved.

Heaven Monster Book, Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, Great Massacre God Technique, Ten Thousand Star Flying Celestial Technique, etc. Many new things were merged into the Common People Heaven Mending Technique.

Gu Chensha placed himself on the brink of death to train himself. Between life and death, he forced out his potential and forcefully comprehended some things to raise his cultivation. This was a part of his plan. If he didn't fight to the death, then how would he have any achievements? He was really calm and used the power of the stars to refine the demon.

"Ah!

You human, you deserve to die. You actually stole a portion of my power! "The demon's will roared like thunder in Gu Chensha's mind.

Right when Gu Chensha advanced to the 16th Transformation of Dao Realm, he was caught off guard. The shaking frequency of the formation and Gu Chensha actually refined close to 1% of his power.

Originally, it was impossible for magic power to be refined by low-level primordial spirit power. However, at the crucial moment, Gu Chensha comprehended some of the mysteries of the Great Massacre God Technique. With a sudden vibration, he broke through some of the weak points of the fiend monster in one fell swoop and obtained some benefits.

This 1% of power was really shocking but it didn't merge into Gu Chensha's body. Instead, it merged into the Seven Colored Demon Vine.

With the support of this high-level energy, the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine once again shone brightly. This light was black and white. Black represented ghosts, while white represented gods. This was a sign that it was about to evolve into the Ghost God Touch. This was a sign that it was about to evolve into the Ghost God Touch.

Gu Chensha took advantage of this opportunity and suddenly activated it. The gourd on the Seven-Colored Demon Vine suddenly spewed out a stream of air. Within the stream of air, there was a flying knife. The flying dagger had eyes. It flew over and pierced into Gu Chensha's body. Kacha!

With just one knife, cold knife energy flowed all around Gu Chensha's body. It entered his meridians, energy ocean, and even his mind.

This knife could kill celestials and gods. The strongest part was the killing energy that shocked the heavens. Kill kill kill kill! Gu Chensha's entire body was immediately filled with boundless killing intent. But he was unharmed because this was his own treasure. Ah!

With this slash, the monster's magic power was destroyed, and about one-tenth of it was absorbed by Gu Chensha! All of it was sent into the Seven Colored Demon Vine. The vine grew really fast like it was about to reach into the clouds and attract Yin and Yang.

"Heaven Attracting Lightning!"

Gu Chensha took advantage of this opportunity to use his secret magic again. Instantly, the Yin and Yang in the sky were thrown into chaos. Lightning flashed and thunder boomed. All of it gathered on Gu Chensha, causing his entire body to crackle with thunder and lightning.

This was another secret technique of the Heaven Monster Tree. It could mess up Yin and Yang and attract lightning to break the demon once more. The demon's aura and power were both weakened. Gu Chensha was actually going to refine this Dao Realm 20 demon in his body.

The seven-colored demonic vine was continuously nourished, and its power became even stronger. Vital energy circulated within it, and the appearances of the twenty-eight demons began to change. They chanted countless sutras from their mouths.

"Is he really going to refine this Dao Realm 20 demon?" Wu Dangkong and Gu Xuansha didn't expect Gu Chensha to improve so many times. It was just so shocking.

"There really is such a possibility. If nothing unexpected happens, this monster is seeking his own destruction. He scattered his entire body into magical power and entered Old Nineteen's body to devour him. Now, Teacher's body has become a cage that can't let him out. If he chooses to use spells to escape, then Old Nineteen really can't do anything to him. "

Gu Xuansha frowned. "Of course, it won't be easy for Old Nineteen to refine this demon. He won't succeed without a year and a half. I think the other demons will take action at this time. What we need to pay attention to now is the demon that has cultivated to the 22 changes, the Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth."

As soon as he finished speaking, two streams of demonic energy shot up from the grassland of the 3,000-mile Bottomless Sea of Sin.

"They appeared."

There seemed to be some excitement on Wu Dang Kong's face. "These monsters and Gu Chensha, they would never have guessed what my trump card is. I'm going to catch them all today! " In that instant, she activated the sacrifice with a single thought. In the depths of her Sea of Consciousness, the Grotto-Heaven Sacrifice began.

The 3.6 million souls and blood suddenly evaporated and were collected by the power of the Way of Heaven in the Sun and Moon Altar. Then, an unparalleled power filled her body. Then, a space was born in the depths of her Sea of Consciousness and Sea of Qi. What?

At that moment, Gu Chensha also felt a surge of the power of the Way of Heaven in her body. It also opened up a space in the depths of her soul and Sea of Consciousness.

"This is the Grotto-Heaven Sacrifice. It uses 3.6 million souls and blood to worship the Way of Heaven. Then, like a god, it opens up a space in the depths of her soul and Sea of Consciousness. It should be Wu Dangkong who started the sacrifice, but I got the advantage."

Gu Chensha had a deep understanding of the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art's Sun and Moon Sacrificial Art. He immediately understood, "It seems like everything is going according to my calculations. I already knew that this place was suppressing the devil beasts, and Wu Dangkong definitely knew about it. She also needed the devil beasts here to sacrifice to her in order to obtain great benefits. My plan originally included her, so how could she escape my calculations?" Crack, crack …

The power of the Way of Heaven opened up a space in Gu Chensha's body. The space gradually expanded like a chaotic sphere. When the space inside was the size of a house, it stopped. There were a total of two. His soul and Sea of Consciousness were both the size of a house.

At the same time, the power of space surged into his meridians and acupoints. Although it didn't turn the meridians and acupoints into grotto-heavens, it greatly increased the strength of his body. When he breathed, he could compress the Xiantian Earth Energy and refine the power of the soul.

Be it the power of the soul or the Xiantian Earth Energy, they were all refined from the body. The body was the final foundation. The Sea of Consciousness and Energy were the two bellows, and the meridians were the channels. The stronger one was, the stronger the absorption and digestion ability.

In just this short period of time, Gu Chensha's body was at least ten times stronger. This was the power of space, the mysteries of space and time.

After cultivating the 27 World Seamless Dao Realm, one would be able to tear open space and teleport. When one reached 30, one would be able to open up a Grotto-Heaven. Only then would one be able to create a stable space in the depths of the chaotic space flow.

At that moment, Gu Chensha received the power of space and time. It entered his body and merged with it. This was how amazing the power of the Heaven Dao was.

Even a god couldn't create a space in a mortal's body. This was because the power of space and time was violent and hard to control. If it was created in the body, the person might die right away. But how amazing was the power of the Heaven Dao?

He directly merged the power of space and time into his body. It was a perfect merger without any flaws.

"Hahahaha …" Everything was going according to Gu Chensha's plan. His fleshly body was strengthened, and a spatial grotto-heaven appeared in his sea of consciousness and energy. He breathed in and out, and countless streams of vital energy entered his meridians, dantian, and sea of energy, absorbing the magical power of the monster.

He used his Xiantian Earth Energy and Spacetime Power surged in his body. It swallowed and spat like a snake swallowing the sun. Ah!

The demon didn't expect that Gu Chensha's body could actually use Spacetime Power. This was a power that only gods could use. Kacha kacha!

At that moment, 80% of the demon's power was shattered by the power of space and merged into Gu Chensha's body.

Gu Chensha's original physical body could not contain such powerful magic power, but now he could do it with ease.

The demon's power was directly absorbed into his Sea of Energy and Sea of Consciousness. It settled down and turned into his Xiantian Earth Energy and Xiantian Soul Power. Gu Chensha casually breathed and a strong whirlpool appeared in the space.

"Demon, you probably didn't expect that I would have such a change, right?" His will stabbed into the demon's will. The demon was already really weak and couldn't resist at all.

"I hate, I hate …" The demon's will gave out a grievance but it was useless. Gu Chensha absorbed it and smashed it apart. The change happened in an instant.

From Wu Dangkong's sacrifice to opening up the space with the power of the Heaven Dao, Gu Chensha used this power to kill the demon and absorb it into his body, everything happened in the blink of an eye. At that moment, two streaks of demonic energy rose up from the center of the Bottomless Sea of Sin.

"Damn, as expected, he took advantage of this moment."

Gu Chensha completely digested the demon and his strength increased once more. However, he didn't let his guard down when facing this demon.

"Seven Colored Demon Vine, shrink!"