Chapter 279
===========

"Nine-tailed Celestial Fox, if I'm not wrong, you obtained the Book of Heavenly Fey a long time ago and established a religion among the people. You gathered incense and faith to strengthen your divine power because you wanted to devour a few powerful Fey souls in the book, such as Lu Wu, Qiongqi, Bi Fang, and Bai Ze. You can't do anything about it. Do you want to use us to completely suppress this person? Obtain the Book of Heavenly Fey? "

The Black Tortoise baby's eyes darted around. No one knew what it was thinking. It was also trying to get information from Hu Gu God.

There were a few powerful Fey souls in the Book of Heavenly Fey. They were ancient divine beasts. Even though they were inferior to the Black Tortoise, they were not much weaker.

Furthermore, they had cultivated for a long time. If the Black Tortoise baby matured, it could naturally suppress them, but it was far from enough now.

"Lord Black Tortoise, you must be joking. I've never thought of obtaining the Book of Heavenly Fey completely. Actually, the strongest Fey soul in the Book of Heavenly Fey isn't these ancient divine beasts but the Emperor of all Fey, Lord North Star."

Hu Gu God said, "If the four of you can obtain Lord North Star's approval, you will definitely be able to use the Book of Heavenly Fey freely."

"What?" The Black Tortoise baby was shocked. "North Star? The Book of Heavenly Fey has North Star's Fey soul?" "There really is North Star?" Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and The Fourth were also shocked. Rumor had it that North Star was the ancestor of all Fey, the true Emperor of the Fey race.

The Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise were the four sacred beasts corresponding to metal, wood, water, and fire. The earth in the middle was the Gou Chen sacred beast.

However, since ancient times, the Gou Chen was a legend as the ancestor of the Fey race. Other than appearing in the primordial era, no one had seen it. After humans appeared, the Gou Chen was sealed in history. Who would have thought that the Book of Heavenly Fey actually had North Star's soul?

This was extremely terrifying. Even the Black Tortoise's aura could not be suppressed and would be suppressed instead. The Gou Chen was the ancestor of the Fey race and the Black Tortoise was ranked behind it.

"If the North Star Soul is really inside …" A bitter smile appeared on the Black Tortoise baby's face. "If we alarm this soul, it will definitely be difficult for us to control it. Let alone opening the Book of Heavenly Fey, we might even be devoured by the book." "Don't worry, Lord Black Tortoise, the North Star Soul hasn't woken up for a long time.

Furthermore, even if he woke up, he might not be able to deal with Lord Black Tortoise. The Lesser Demon's method was very simple. It was to communicate with Lord Black Tortoise's soul. If he could obtain the North Star's recognition and become its successor, he would be able to truly grasp the Skyfey Book.

Lord Black Tortoise is a sacred beast of the demon race and is only slightly inferior to the North Star Continent. "Hu Gu's words were very tempting.

"You should have already communicated with the North Star Will, right?"

Lou Baiyue suddenly said, "There are many untruths in your words. If I'm not wrong, you're gathering Incense Offerings not only to increase your cultivation, but also for the North Star Nation.

You should be a subordinate of the North Star Tribe. That North Star Tribe must have encountered some unforeseen event in ancient times, which is why it's in the Book of Heavenly Demons. "

"The Skydemon Book should contain a wisp of North Star's will. The real North Star has probably perished.

However, even if a mighty being of this level perishes, as long as a wisp of will remains, it might not be impossible for him to revive over time. You're not a true god and have not been conferred a title by the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman. You're probably unable to truly refine the power of faith and the Wish of all living beings. "

Gu Chensha's expression did not change at all. His guess was not far from the truth. "However, the North Star Nation is different. It's an unbelievably mighty existence. If it was at its peak, it would have surpassed Saints. Its will can refine the Wish of all living beings and use the Wish of all living beings to gradually strengthen itself and revive. Am I right?" "This …" Hu Gu hesitated for a moment.

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue looked at each other and knew that there were many untruths in this nine-tailed fox's words.

"Although the Emperor did not tell me the true secret of the Book of Heavenly Demons, I did not know that there was a wisp of the North Star Nation's will in it."

Lou Baiyue stared at Hu Gu and said, "Hu Gu, you should speak the truth. I know that you used to be an illustrious mighty being and that you're good at deceiving and seducing. Even gods can't resist the charm of the nine-tailed fox clan.

In history, there were even Righteous Gods who were seduced by the nine-tailed fox and turned into Evil Gods. Are you bullying us for being young and inexperienced? Are you casually making up some specious lies? Alright, let's be honest. What do you need? What do we need too? Tell each other, make an exchange, and discuss conditions? How about it? "

Lou Baiyue knew the nine-tailed fox's character very well. If she trusted this fox, she would not even know how she died.

However, the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor did not kill this fox back then. Now that the Book of Heavenly Demons had fallen into the hands of the Calming Immortal Department, there was definitely a scheme involved.

"Since everyone put it this way, I won't hide it anymore."

Hu Gu's expression turned cold. "It's impossible for everyone to refine the Book of Heavenly Demons. In the Primordial Era, I was a servant of the North Star God. Back then, many sages of the demon race created this book. On one hand, it was for the survival of the demon race. On the other hand, it was to use this book to preserve the will of the North Star God. They hoped that one day, the North Star God would be resurrected. However, if everyone can help me resurrect the North Star God Primogenitor, I'm willing to exchange many treasures in this book."

"Now that this book is in our hands, it's only a matter of time before we obtain the treasures in it."

Lou Baiyue smiled. "Looks like you're really worthy of being a nine-tailed fox. You don't speak the truth. I'm afraid the matters in this book are not something you can decide. There are also some powerful demon souls that are not inferior to you. What do they think?

Moreover, I also know that the most important thing in this book is the will of the 28 Demon God Celestial Sovereigns. This is the core thing. Only by using your own will to subdue the spiritual imprint left behind by the 28 Demon God Celestial Sovereigns, can you be considered to have truly grasped this book. "

"I'm not lying to you. The wills of the 28 Demon God Celestial Sovereigns are in the deepest depths of the core, suppressing the space-time of this book and preventing it from collapsing.

Furthermore, you should be able to tell that I definitely have some special privileges to be able to manifest myself from the Skydemon Book. Why can't those demon souls and divine beasts, such as Qiongqi, Bi Fang, and Bai Ze, appear? "Aunt Hu wasn't in a hurry as she slowly explained to Gu Chensha and company.

"This nine-tailed fox is really difficult to deal with." Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha exchanged looks as they communicated telepathically.

Just now, the four of them had joined forces to enter the Skydemon Book and devoured the demon souls inside wantonly, but they were directly pushed out by Aunt Hu. From the looks of it, it was very difficult to control the Skydemon Book without Aunt Hu's help.

However, the nine-tailed fox, Aunt Hu, didn't speak the truth. If one wasn't careful, they would fall into a trap. It was truly difficult to deal with her.

Thankfully, Aunt Hu didn't seem to be able to leave the Skydemon Book to manifest her powerful divine powers. The situation was still within Gu Chensha's grasp.

"This Aunt Hu's words are useless to her." The Fourth also transmitted his thoughts. "Let's activate our divine powers and suppress her directly." "I think so too." The Black Tortoise baby nodded.

"Then let's begin. If we can suppress this Aunt Hu's soul, we can unlock the key secrets." Lou Baiyue opened her eyes, emitting a blinding light as a mental storm swept out. As for Gu Chensha, he cooperated.

The four experts fused their mental powers together once again, forming a seal that enveloped Aunt Hu.

"Everyone, are you so confident that you want to imprison me?"

Aunt Hu didn't resist. Her shadow drilled into the Skydemon Book and never appeared again. "Everyone, if you can't open the Skydemon Book even after exhausting your Essence Qi, summon me again."

Just as Aunt Hu drilled into the Skydemon Book, a blue light erupted from the book, forming a light barrier. The four experts' mental wills couldn't enter at all and were blocked outside.

"What a good Aunt Hu."

A sneer appeared on Lou Baiyue's face. "Now that you have activated the array formation in this book, even our Spiritual Will can't enter the Demon Soul World." "Let's break it forcefully."

The Black Tortoise baby's eyes turned even faster. Its Spiritual Will condensed to the limit, and a color actually appeared. It was pure black. The Northern Black Tortoise belonged to water, so its Water Virtue was black. The Eastern Azure Dragon had a green Wood Virtue. The Southern Vermilion Bird had a red Fire Virtue. The Western White Tiger had a white Gold Virtue. The Black Tortoise baby used its true abilities. Boom!

The black Water Virtue Spiritual Will collided with the light on the Skydemon Book, setting off a mental storm, but it couldn't be cracked.

The four of them repeatedly used their means and circulated it for eight to eight hours, but to no avail.

When the four of them stopped using their means, the Skydemon Book's light disappeared. But the moment the four of them used their means, the book sensed danger and immediately erupted with light.

"It seems like we have indeed encountered an obstacle. With our strength, we can't penetrate it again. This Aunt Hu is obstructing us."

Gu Chensha gave up. Circulating it for eight to eight hours had consumed a huge amount of his energy, and it was difficult for him to continue.

"Aunt Hu's strength is actually outstanding among the demons. In the past thousand years, she is at least ranked in the top ten of the demon race.

The first is naturally the leader of the Nest of 10,000 Dragons, Li Wanlong. However, if the North Star Emperor is still around, I'm afraid Li Wanlong will have to give up the title of the number one Demonic Sage of the demon race. "

Lou Baiyue pondered over it repeatedly. "It seems like the Skydemon Book contains more secrets than we imagined. It's far less pure than the Buzhou Palace." "The Buzhou Palace was refined by Wen Hong."

Gu Chensha said, "Otherwise, we wouldn't be able to circulate it so easily. However, there are still many powers that we can't unleash." "If we can't open the Skydemon Book, there will probably be changes to our plan."

The Fourth said, "Zhuge Ya's cultivation has reached the limit, and he has to break through the final barrier. He can't be suppressed anymore. Once he fuses with the Seven Star Profundity in his body, the phenomenon will be unconcealable."