Chapter 493
===========

"Wu Dangkong is walking in the opposite direction." Gu Chensha's heart was extremely cold.

With the establishment of the Calming Immortal Agency, especially with the establishment of the College of Common People's Wishes and the appearance of the General of the People, public opinion was completely on the side of the Calming Immortal Agency. The scholars and soldiers of the common people, and even some landlords and second and third-rate grand families all cursed Wu Dangkong as a "treacherous concubine".

If Wu Dangkong wanted to repair this image, she could only compete with the Calming Immortal Agency in bloodshed and win back the hearts of the people.

But now, Wu Dangkong didn't want to do this at all. Instead, she walked in the opposite extreme, and that was to establish the Sun and Moon Agency and start arresting those who spoke ill of her. This was to make the people afraid to speak, and to exert pressure on them.

From a certain perspective, this woman's heart was already black. She was stirring up conflict between the people and the Imperial Court. If the Sun and Moon Agency was used to arrest people everywhere, the people would transfer their resentment to the Imperial Court.

"This woman is starting to stir up trouble, so why doesn't she do it properly? What benefits does she gain from stirring up trouble like this?

It seems that this Sun and Moon Agency is newly established by her to oppose the Calming Immortal Agency.

This Sun and Moon Agency can't be underestimated either. It's actually the Divine Prefecture's ominous armor!

Neither the Celestial Designer Agency nor we can create this armor, and it was obtained from ancient times. It's clearly a secret art of the Xingqiong clan. These armors were also made in the past.

No wonder. The Xingqiong clan and Wu Dangkong have reached some kind of agreement and are supporting her from behind. That's why she has the confidence to risk universal condemnation and kill scholars. "Gu Chensha had already guessed many times in an instant.

"If Wu Dangkong didn't have the support of the Xingqiong clan, she definitely wouldn't dare to do this. But she's done it now. This means that she's long since planned to fight the Calming Immortal Agency! The Calming Immortal Agency definitely won't allow her to do this.

If she suddenly unleashes her hidden trump card and causes the Calming Immortal Agency to suffer a great loss, then she can sweep the world and capture dissidents. She'll probably immediately reverse the situation. " Gu Chensha was very calm.

Wu Dangkong was no fool, and neither was Xing Qiongshi. If they dared to do such a thing, they must have thoroughly analyzed the powers of the world, especially the Tranquil Immortal Department.

Moreover, she was planning to defeat the Calming Immortal Department in one fell swoop, and from there, she would completely seize power. After that, she would take advantage of the situation to advance and control the fate of the nation. At that time, the entire world would be under her control.

"Wu Dangkong," Gu Chensha thought, "since that's the case, I'll fight you. I've cultivated the Heavenly Dao Magic, and I'm not afraid of the Xing Qiong Clan. How could I be afraid of a little concubine like you?"

This Qin Han possessed the secret techniques of the Buddhist Sect and was a pawn of the Buddhist Sect's bigwigs. He would definitely not be captured today and perish here. Perhaps he could use this person to probe the strength of the Sun and Moon Department.

Seeing these soldiers dressed in the Divine Land's Fearsome Armor surrounding them, Gu Chensha immediately said to Qin Han, "Brother Qin Han, what should we do?

If these Sun Moon Division soldiers capture us, it's very likely that they'll throw us into prison and torture us to death. We have to fight back. " "Damn that concubine!"

Qin Han's eyes widened in anger, and he looked like the Vajra Fury of the Buddhist Sect. "Those who go against the grain will be punished by heaven. However, the people of the Sun Moon Department all wear ancient fearsome armor. Even the most ordinary soldier, after wearing this armor, is equivalent to a Dao Realm Nine Transformations Glaze Jade Body expert. As for the leader, he is equivalent to a Great Dao Golden Core expert of the Eighteen Transformations Great Dao. We are no match for him."

"Brother, I see that you have some hidden cards. Let's use them and join the Calming Immortal Department!"

Gu Chensha said, "That concubine Wu Dangkong has gone crazy. We are killing demons on the frontlines of Sin Province for the nation, and this concubine actually wants to suppress us! This is practically the behavior of the demon race. " "That's the only way."

Qin Han suddenly said, "Brother, I have a treasure. Unfortunately, activating it requires a large amount of Connate Stellar Energy. I can't even support it myself. I wonder if you can help me?" "Oh? There's such a treasure? "Gu Chensha immediately said," We can try. " "Alright then!" Qin Han suddenly opened his mouth and spat out a small Buddha statue.

This Buddha statue was made of pure gold. It was only the size of a soybean, but it was vivid and lifelike. It had a thousand arms, and each arm was holding a different seal. It seemed to contain the infinite secrets of the world.

"This, this is not a treasure, but a body left behind by an expert of the ancient Buddhist sect." Gu Chensha was shocked when he saw this Buddha statue.

He had obtained two treasures, "Little Thunderclap Ancient Temple" and "Little Muni Buddhist Pagoda", but the quality and power of these two treasures combined were not as good as this small Buddha statue.

However, when this Buddha statue appeared, all of Qin Han's Connate Stellar Energy seemed to be sucked dry.

"Hmm? This kid actually has a treasure on him and dares to resist us? Kill! Kill this kid and take his treasure. "

When the Sun Moon Department's Sin Province commander saw this scene, a nasty smile appeared on his face. "If I knew that these scholars and adventurers who came to Sin Province would definitely have a fortuitous encounter, that's why I found the higher-ups to take such an errand. Coming to Sin Province, I can accept the treasures and fortuitous encounters of these scholars and adventurers." He grabbed fiercely. Instantly, a fiendish aura appeared on his armor.

This fiendish aura gathered and instantly transformed into a huge palm. It fiercely pressed down and exploded with its strongest mystique, wanting to suck Qin Han and this small golden thousand-armed Buddha statue away.

Gu Chensha knew that this Qin Han was still unable to activate the power of this Buddha statue, so with a thought, a Heavenly Dao Technique was activated.

He knew that his Heavenly Dao Technique could even make Chang Yucheng temporarily manifest. Perhaps it could activate the ancient power of this Buddha statue.

The people of the ancient Buddhist sect were the best at scheming. Perhaps it was some kind of fate that he came here today. He wanted to communicate with this big shot of the Buddhist sect, and perhaps there would be some unexpected gains. Rumble! He injected a shred of Heavenly Dao Technique into this Buddha statue.

The Buddha statue suddenly expanded, and golden light shot into the sky. Countless chanting, dragon roars, vajras, protectors, and generals surged out from the Buddha statue.

Under the power of this Buddha statue, the mystique of the Sun Moon Department's Sin Province commander was completely broken. Under the penetration of the golden light and chanting, the fierce armor all shrank, as though it had met some kind of nemesis. Bang, bang, bang, bang!

Gu Chensha felt that he had a strange feeling. It was as though he had become the incarnation of this small Buddha, looking down on heaven and earth, lifeless and indestructible, crossing the long river of time and space. From this Buddha statue, he felt some kind of Buddhist Sect mystery.

Or perhaps the quality of his Heavenly Dao Technique had activated the hidden potential in the depths of the Buddha statue.

"Collect!"

Qin Han didn't know why something like this had happened, but he didn't have time to think about it. He activated the Buddha statue, and with a thought, the Buddha statue's thousands of hands reached out and grabbed all the armors into his hands.

There were a total of 360 Divine Prefecture Fierce Armors, and one of the Divine Prefecture Fierce Ten Armor.

These armors all fell into the hands of the Buddha statue, and then with a slight movement, space twisted, and all the armors were taken into the belly of the Buddha. Clearly, the inside of this Buddha statue was a huge God Kingdom.

After collecting all the armors, the Buddha statue shrunk and entered the center of Qin Han's eyebrows. Qin Han's entire body flashed with golden light, and a huge amount of Buddhist Yuan Qi flowed continuously, transforming his body. Immediately, his body bloomed with an even stronger golden light, and all his blood and bones were completely transformed.

"I actually activated the secret of this precious Buddha statue, and obtained Buddhist power to transform me. I have been reborn, and the Innate Stellar Qi in my body is more than ten times purer and thicker!" Qin Han was very surprised. His entire body was bathed in it, and it seemed that he had cultivated some kind of golden light.

"Buddhist cultivation methods are indeed amazing."

Gu Chensha looked at this scene and nodded to himself. "My Heavenly Dao Technique activated this Buddha statue, and this kid Qin Han obtained great benefits. In just an instant, his strength increased by at least ten times, and his future cultivation will be even smoother. This Buddha statue is definitely a mighty figure that is no less than a Sage, or even stronger. " With a flash of golden light, the armors were taken, and everything was swept away.

To outsiders, in just one move, Qin Han defeated the 360 soldiers of the Sun and Moon Division, as well as this commander, and took their armors.

These soldiers and commanders relied on such armors. Once the armors were taken away, their true forms were revealed.

The soldiers were all at Dao Realm Transformation 2 or 3, and this Sin Province commander was only at Transformation 6.

"What is going on?"

Gu Chensha pretended to say, "Brother Qin Han, I haven't injected any Innate Stellar Energy, so why is this happening?" "I don't know."

No matter how high Qin Han's cultivation was, he couldn't have peeked into the Heavenly Dao Technique. Even if the Buddha in his body revived, he wouldn't be able to deduce anything. Gu Chensha said, "There is a high chance that the treasure automatically protected me, and it sensed danger." "What about these people?"

Gu Chensha purposely said, "Brother Qin Han, even though you have defeated these people, you have also created a great disaster. You have offended the Sun and Moon Department that the evil concubine Wu Dangkong has newly established. I am afraid that from now on, there will never be a day of peace." "The Sun and Moon Division deserves to die!"

Qin Han's eyes flashed. He was a very smart person, and he knew that Wu Dangkong set up the Sun and Moon Division to shut the mouths of the world. He had dealt a blow to the Sun and Moon Division, and he was the one who stood out. In order to establish his authority, Wu Dangkong would definitely do everything he could to kill him. "The Sun and Moon Division thinks that they can cover the sky with one hand? Today, I might as well go all the way and kill all of them! Join the Calming Celestial Bureau! Then, I will issue an order to punish the Sun and clean up the Emperor's side! " "Amazing!"

Hearing Qin Han's words, Gu Chensha knew that this person was an amazing person, but this was exactly what he wanted.