Chapter 572
===========

In just three breaths of time after the Devilbane broke out, not only had the Celestial Steadiness Department not perished, it had actually benefited tremendously.

The World Burying Coffin, which they had been plotting for a long time, had been obtained in a single breath of time. Then Zhuge Ya had transformed into a Lord of the Seven Stars, and his magic power had reached the ninth level of the True Dragon Magic. He was like a ninety-nine paragon, surpassing the limit of ninety-five.

"What an enormous world inside!"

At this time, Gu Chensha activated the Desolate Desolate Dragon Gate's talisman, transforming the power of the Demon Calamity's attack. He did his best to fuse the World Burying Coffin with the sphere, combining the two treasures. He wanted to transform the sphere into a dimensional realm. That way, they would be able to take the initiative in the upcoming Devilbane.

The Devilbane would only grow more and more intense. In the end, it would become an unstoppable calamity.

Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and the others weren't naïve enough to believe that the Celestial Steadiness Department would be able to survive this calamity without a hitch.

Passing the calamity and obtaining the first drop of soup was just the first bucket of gold. As the war progressed, it would most likely become a long and drawn-out war. The prologue had already been drawn.

Gu Chensha could see the world inside the World Burying Coffin. It was much larger than the interior of the sphere. The World Burying Coffin was also a minor chiliocosm, one that was very close to a medium-class one. Who knew how much power Jiang Gongwang had stored inside?

The space inside the World Burying Coffin had no mountains or rivers, no starry sky, and no living beings. Instead, it was filled with white mist. The white mist represented the reverence, fear, and obedience of the ancient people. This was the aura of the son of heaven. When the aura of the son of heaven manifested, it was white mist. As the saying goes, adding white to the king was the emperor.

The depths of the World Burying Coffin were filled with the aura of the son of heaven. It came from ancient times, and yet it had been preserved to this day. It was unknown what method Jiang Gongwang had used, but when an emperor abdicated, the aura of the son of heaven in his edicts would dissipate. One should not meddle in politics if one is not in a position.

Aside from a large amount of Heaven Qi, Gu Chensha also saw a huge treasury floating in the air. Within the treasury, there were countless ancient treasures, all sorts of Divine Artifacts, large amounts of materials from the Great Desolate Era, and even extinct Ancient Spiritual Herbs. There were simply too many of them to count.

He scanned the coffin with his Spiritual Force and discovered that there were many treasures in the coffin that he could not recognize.

With his knowledge, it could be said that he was well-versed in both ancient and modern times, yet there were actually treasures that he didn't recognize. It could be seen that these treasures had never appeared before. Perhaps they were secretly refined by Jiang Gongwang and many other emperors.

Back then, Jiang Gongwang and many Ancient Emperors had carried out a top secret plan. This plan had not been leaked out, so Gu Chensha would not have obtained those memories. At this time, Gu Chensha was not going to count the treasures.

To him, any treasure that was useless to him could be devoured and broken down by the Tree of Wishes. Not only could it be restored in the future, but it could also raise the level of the Tree of Wishes. The enormous Heaven Qi and the enormous treasury formed the world within the coffin.

At the bottom of the coffin lay a giant corpse. This corpse was a giant, five thousand kilometers tall. However, he wasn't ferocious at all. Rather, he was an old man. He wore a high crown and a starry robe, simple and elegant. At a glance, one could tell that he was a peerless sage. His eyes were open, and he was looking at the top of the coffin. This was the ancient Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang.

Jiang Gongwang's body was actually enormous, five thousand kilometers tall. Furthermore, it had been preserved so well.

His eyes were filled with boundless wisdom, as if he could see through the essence of time and the truth of the world. Even when Gu Chensha saw this, he didn't know if Jiang Gongwang was dead or alive. However, according to common sense, Jiang Gongwang was definitely dead. If he wasn't dead, then there should be living beings in the world within.

This was because only by nurturing living beings could an unending stream of faith power, prayer power, and so on be gathered together. Only then could a minor chiliocosm advance.

If Jiang Gongwang was still alive, after ten thousand years, the World Burying Coffin would definitely have transformed into a dimensional realm. Given his ability to operate it, there was no suspense.

By this time, the Wish Tree's roots had completely penetrated into the World Burying Coffin. Countless Heaven Qi was being absorbed, and the treasury was also being devoured by the Wish Tree.

The Wish Tree's devouring ability was now a hundred times greater than it had been a few breaths of time ago.

This was because the Demon Race's black beam of light was acting as the driving force to activate the minor chiliocosm sphere.

Then, the sphere stimulated the Wish Tree. The Wish Tree's digestion and devouring abilities were both greatly enhanced. In the blink of an eye, the World Burying Coffin was wrapped up by endless roots. Even Jiang Gongwang's body was wrapped up.

"Heavenly Dao Magic!" Gu Chensha poured the quality of the Heavenly Dao Magic into the corpse.

Instantly, the 9,000 kilometer tall corpse shrank. Jiang Gongwang seemed to be coming back to life, and a will was transmitted into Gu Chensha's mind.

"The appearance of the Heavenly Dao Magic in the mortal world means that the old Heavenly Dao is beginning to collapse, and a new Heavenly Dao is about to be born. This era is about to be destroyed, and a new era is about to appear. The old sin and punishment, good and evil, will all disappear, and new rewards and favors, killing and destruction, will be established. However, all of this is just the beginning. "

Jiang Gongwang's will was transmitted into the depths of Gu Chensha's mind. Gu Chensha instantly felt his vast memories being transmitted, just like Chang Yuzhou. Jiang Gongwang knew that his cultivation base was the Heavenly Dao Magic, just like Chang Yuzhou. This was because he knew that only Gu Chensha could rescue him in the future.

After reaching the Sage Realm and merging with the Heavenly Dao, it was extremely difficult to separate them.

The vast memories were transmitted again. In an instant, Gu Chensha received all of Jiang Gongwang's Daos, memories, experiences, and cultivation experiences. He began to comprehend them, fusing them into his mind, and rapidly divining them.

As for Jiang Gongwang's 9,000 kilometer body, it suddenly stood up and spread out. Under his control, the World Burial Coffin began to fuse with him.

"The Tree of Wishes was researched by me and many ancient emperors. It mimics the true essence of the Primordial Tree, and is the hope of humanity. Now that the Devil Calamity has broken out, the order of the Heavenly Dao is out of control. The Age of Troubles is coming. You are the hope of humanity, so you must take good care of the Tree of Wishes. Even in the midst of darkness, the Tree of Wishes can bring hope to humanity. The calamity has just begun, and the road ahead is still long. " Jiang Gongwang was like an elder, looking at Gu Chensha with a gratified expression. This series of transformations was the fourth breath.

Under Jiang Gongwang's control, the World Burial Coffin and the Tree of Wishes worked together to speed up the melting process, which was then sucked into the sphere.

The entire coffin was like a liquid. Countless treasures and primordial treasures were disintegrated, becoming a part of the Tree of Wishes. Even Jiang Gongwang's own body was fused with the God of Wishes.

The God of Wishes was getting stronger and stronger, and of course, he was also becoming more and more similar to Gu Chensha.

From the outside, after the fifth breath, the Life's Wishes sphere was attacked by the black beam of light. Not only did it not collapse, but it actually expanded and began to absorb the black beam of light. Boundless power emanated from it, as though it was about to become a medium-class world at any moment. Countless existences couldn't figure out what was going on.

One had to know that when the Devil Calamity broke out, the Calm Immortal Bureau was on the verge of collapse. But who could have imagined that after five breaths, a major reversal would occur?

Even ordinary God level experts could not react in time. They did not notice the World Burial Coffin fusing.

Because this coffin had been summoned too quickly, and Zhuge Ya had made ample preparations, he had opened up a path with one strike. Then, the coffin had already reached the inside of the sphere and started to disintegrate and fuse.

The Life's Wishes sphere's power naturally started to rise, especially the Tree of Wishes' evolution. It required many materials and even the Son of Heaven's Aura. Back then, Jiang Gongwang had wanted to create this tree with many ancient Sons of Heaven, so he had gathered many materials. Unfortunately, he had perished before he could forge it.

These materials were naturally stored in the World Burial Coffin's treasury, and they could be used to strengthen the Tree of Wishes' power.

Jiang Gongwang's body had already fused with the God of Wishes. The God of Wishes had truly matured, and the huge Tree of Wishes spread out, covering every corner of the sphere. As it breathed, it produced a massive amount of World Power. Marvelous, marvelous …

Gu Chensha roared in his heart, "The World Power produced by the God of Wishes is not inferior to the Wu Clan's nine God level experts. If it completely absorbs the World Burial Coffin's power, it will be equivalent to 20 or more God level experts absorbing it at the same time. It will be the same as combining the Legalism School and the Wu Clan.

After the Heavenly Demon Tree truly matured, after a long period of ancient brewing, it can produce 24 Constellation Demon Gods, which is equivalent to 24 God level experts.

The Tree of Wishes was the upgraded version of the Heavenly Demon Tree, so it was even more incredible.

If the God of Wishes was cultivated to the peak, it would be equivalent to 36 God level experts condensing it at the same time. This was what happened on the sixth breath.

On the seventh breath, the interior of the sphere expanded and changed. Even more spatial faults appeared, and the World Burial Coffin had already disappeared. It had been completely devoured by the Tree of Wishes. Moreover, the Tree of Wishes was absorbing a large amount of black rainbows, and its entire body was turning into raging rainbow-like flames.

"God of Wishes, increase strength!"

At this moment, everyone in the Tranquil Immortal Department received the Tree of Wishes' feedback. The rainbow-like flames burning on the Tree of Wishes supported everyone's body, causing the quality of their magic power to increase. This was the Flame of Hopes, the Flame of Wishes.

When the Tree of Wishes truly matured, it would give hope to all living beings. This kind of power was similar to the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman's power, which was researched by many ancient Emperors.

As long as one sacrificed to the Heavenly Dao and had enough Emperor's Aura and soul, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman would be able to give you anything you wanted.

The ancient Emperors had figured out the characteristics of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman and refined the Tree of Wishes. As long as the wishes of all living beings were strong enough, they would be able to obtain what they wanted.