Chapter 503
===========

Jin Suibo had a close relationship with the Peerless Sky Book. He was the Grand Elder of the Wuji Sect and had a lot of connections. He had a lot of face in the celestial path sects.

Right now, his cultivation was vigorous and his realm was extremely high. He had long since broken through the Twenty Three Transformations, "Past Reflection".

With such cultivation, he could be called a Demon Emperor in the demon race. In the celestial path sects, he would be an overlord. As the Calming Xian Agency developed, his position became more and more important.

He had already contacted more than 2,000 second and third-rate celestial path sects, forming a large faction. This force's base was not in the Eastern Barren Territory, but on the vast ocean.

The ocean was vast and boundless, much larger than land. The monsters, herbs, ores, and all sorts of other resources in the ocean were much larger than land.

Moreover, there were countless abandoned islands, some of which were even bigger than the Yongchō. They were like continents on the ocean.

However, the weather was bad and there were many monsters. Even a Dao Realm Seven or Eight Changes expert would find it hard to escape from a storm. Only by cultivating the Nine Changes Glass Jade Body would one's chances of survival increase.

However, it was just an increase. Only by cultivating the Dao Realm Twenty Changes, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence would one be able to stroll on the ocean and enter the deep ocean like it was nothing.

Even with the Ruyi Ruyi's Nineteen Transformations, it was very difficult to enter the deepest part of the sea. After all, a cultivator's body was extremely important. When transforming into magic power, there must be no loss. Once there was a problem, it was basically impossible to cultivate to Twenty Transformations and master magic power.

Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya discussed for a while before leaving the Common People's Wish Sphere and flying towards the ocean.

The Calming Xian Agency had completely taken over Precious Jade Country, Dragon Sword Island, and Ocean Roc Island.

Apart from that, there were hundreds of countries overseas that were about to merge into the Yongchō.

This was the Calming Xian Agency's plan and a stable foundation to defend against the Great Wei Dynasty's invasion.

On the other side of the ocean, the Great Wei Dynasty had also started to speed up their invasion plan. The Evil Spirit Continent that Zhuge Ya and Wu Dangkong had gone to had become a springboard for the Great Wei Dynasty. Rumble!

Gu Chensha's speed was extremely fast. An ordinary cultivator would need half a month to fly from the Wilderness to the sea. However, Gu Chensha arrived in a breath's time.

With the quality of his Heavenly Dao technique, his cultivation at the 22 Changes of the Dao Realm, the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth, in addition to the Hong Meng Holy Elixir, his speed had already surpassed any expert at the 26 Changes of 10,000 Techniques Return to One. If he met such an expert, he would be able to capture and kill him in a single exchange.

Only the Twenty-Seven Transformations, the Seamless Gap of the Two Realms, could tear through space and teleport, and only those who could escape his pursuit.

But if he were to face it head-on, he would probably die under his "All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel".

The "All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel" was the Life Treasure that the God of Strength had painstakingly forged. If a Deity level expert were to wield it, its power would be maximized. With a single strike, it could even shatter the Life World of an expert of the same level. Of course, if one's realm was too low, they wouldn't even be able to lift the staff.

Originally, other cultivators with the 22 Changes of the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth could certainly lift the cudgel. However, if they swung it slightly, all their spiritual power would be sucked dry. Not only would they not be able to kill the enemy, but they would also be injured. It would be like a child swinging a sledgehammer.

But the quality of Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao technique was extremely high, and he could completely wield the cudgel. He could even unleash the power to shatter space. As his realm increased, the cudgel became even easier to wield in his hands.

Even Sages needed his Heavenly Dao technique to be resurrected. Even the God of Strength himself back then could not cultivate the Heavenly Dao technique.

The Heavenly Dao technique, as the name suggested, was the power that belonged to the Heavenly Dao. Even a trace of it had the power to create life and death, as well as the supreme mysteries of operating the heavens.

Gu Chensha could activate the Buddha statue, so activating the "All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel" was not a big problem.

Relying on the various powers of the cudgel, he could tear through space and cause great damage. With one strike of the cudgel, both ghosts and gods would be destroyed.

Moreover, he had many trump cards, such as the talisman that Chang Weiyang, Wen Hong, and the three invincible cultivators of Taixuan City had worked together to craft.

This talisman was originally intended to be used in the School of Legalism, but it was attacked by the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor. This allowed him to take advantage of them. This way, he could save this talisman.

With this talisman as a backup, he would be much more confident in working with Jin Suibo to capture the Peerless Heaven Book.

He had already reached the sea and looked around. The waves were raging, and the sky was covered in dark clouds. Lightning flashed and thunder roared. In the blink of an eye, a storm raged. Tornadoes swept over, and the world was filled with raging waves. This was how the climate changed on the sea was. He was used to it. Boom!

Huge thunderbolts and snake-shaped lightning bolts struck down violently in the violent storm. In such a harsh environment, even someone at the 17th Transformation of the Dao Realm, Dao Splitting Soul Separation, could only temporarily avoid the brunt of the attacks. This was to prevent him from exhausting his Xiantian Earth Energy and damaging his body.

But Gu Chensha didn't care. He played with the chopstick-sized All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel in his hand and injected his own Dharmic powers into it. He refined and nourished it to familiarize himself with the characteristics of this treasure. Only by continuously refining a treasure would one be able to control it like one's own arm.

Moreover, Gu Chensha injected his Heaven Path Dharmic powers into it and stored them. This way, he wouldn't have to do so when he was facing an enemy. His Dharmic powers started to circulate and flow. Gu Chensha became more and more familiar with the various techniques of the Ancient God of Strength. He swept out with his Spiritual Sense. In an instant, it covered thousands of miles of sky.

"Absorb!" He opened his mouth and sucked in.

Instantly, the storm, lightning, and lightning within thousands of miles seemed to have met a giant black hole and they were all sucked into his mouth. Dozens of breaths later, the entire ocean was calm like there had never been a storm.

He opened his mouth and spat out an egg-sized sphere in his palm. Within the sphere, gales howled, lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled. It was as if all the storm energy within a radius of several thousand kilometers had been sealed within it.

"Good, very good. Mine can actually seal phenomena."

Gu Chensha held the ball and knew that his Dharmic powers had become much purer. If he released this egg-sized ball, he would be able to cause a storm within thousands of miles. He was just testing his Dharmic powers so that he wouldn't delay his journey. Sou!

His body disappeared once more. Dozens of breaths later, he saw many islands floating above the ocean. This was a place called "Illusory Chess Islands" that was very deep in the ocean.

The islands here were scattered like chess pieces, but they were orderly like a formation. Between the islands, there would often be fog, like an illusion formation. There were mirages everywhere. Once one entered it, it was as if one had fallen into the depths of a game of chess and could no longer escape. Therefore, very few fleets would come here.

This was a natural illusion formation that was very far from the Jade Nation. It was remote, but its location was very important. Therefore, Jin Suibo brought many experts from the Mystical Immortal Dao Sects to build a mountain gate here, turning it into a stable cave abode.

Gu Chensha stood high up in the sky and looked down at the Illusory Chess Archipelago. Hundreds of islands were expanding. They were either building towers or palaces. There were also spirit formations connecting each other. Indeed, they formed a pretty good mountain gate.

However, after seeing the scale and profoundness of all the Dharma Realms in the Martial Saint's Abode, Gu Chensha felt that the formations here were pitifully weak. They were not of a scale, and even Dou Nineteen would be able to break them.

Of course, the second and third-rate celestial sects didn't have many experts, so it was not bad for them to be able to build something like this in such a short time.

Any mountain gate or cave abode would need hundreds or even thousands of years of accumulation. As for this archipelago, it had only been a few years, so one couldn't ask for too much.

When Gu Chensha appeared in the sky, Jin Suibo sensed it. That was because Gu Chensha had informed him. Sou sou sou! A bunch of people flew into the sky, and the one at the lead was Jin Suibo. Jin Suibo was now at the 23 Dao Realm Transformation, Past Reflection. Behind him, there were actually three experts whose realms were higher than his. Gu Chensha looked and noticed a middle-aged man, a woman, and an old man.

The old man was actually an expert at the 26 Dao Realm Transformation, 10,000 Techniques Return to One. His body didn't give off any strong aura, but he was really strong and terrifying. He was even more terrifying than the Demon Dragon expert that Gu Chensha had seen in the Demon Region. As for the middle-aged man and woman, they were actually people at the 25 Undying Bodies. Such tyrannical strength was actually roped in by Jin Suibo.

"Greetings King." Jin Suibo bowed and then introduced, "This is Hun Qing Sect Sect Leader, Wang Qingzhu.

He has cultivated to 26 Transformations 10,000 Techniques Return to One. Although Hun Qing Sect isn't one of the 72 sects, it is really strong and is ranked 80th in the celestial sects.

The other two are Yuanmeng Sect Sect Leader Meng Yinyun and Tyrant Fist Sect Leader Ba Jufeng. They are both experts with Undying Bodies. Yuanmeng Sect is ranked 93rd and Tyrant Fist Sect is ranked 99th. " Jin Suibo was mainly introducing the three of them.

The Ancient Celestial Path 72 sects were the true overlords of the celestial path. Apart from them, no matter how strong the other sects were, they were all second-rate sects.

This was the difference between the Wu Family and the Legalist Family, which had thousands of years of history, and the Jing Family.

There were also many second and third rate sects that had God Grade experts who wanted to challenge the 72 sects, but they all failed. Of course, this also meant that there were many experts in the second and third rate sects.

"You are Calm Celestial Division's Duke Chen?"

Tyrant Fist Sect's Ba Jufeng spoke, "We accepted Brother Suibo's invitation to help your Calm Celestial Division capture the Peerless Heaven Book. But after we succeed, we have to discuss how to split the spoils. Brother Suibo said that he can't make the decision and you have to make the arrangements. "