Chapter 881
===========

"Refining the Sun and Moon!"

Hearing this, Gu Tiansha didn't come back to his senses. Then, a hideous smile appeared on his face, "Gu Xuansha, you're really ambitious. You should know that the Sun and Moon represent the will of the Heaven Realm. If you refine them, not only will the entire Heaven Realm lose its light, it will also cause the will of the Heaven Realm to devour us. All kinds of disadvantages and tribulations will befall us. Tell me, if the entire Heaven Realm suddenly loses its light, what kind of unpredictable consequences will there be?

If the Heaven Realm is one, then the Sun and Moon are its eyes. Humans can lose everything but their eyes. Once they lose their eyes, the will of the Heaven Realm itself will go crazy. With our strength, we won't be able to resist the crazy counterattack of the will of the Heaven Realm. B.I.M. This is absolutely not feasible. "

"Hahahaha …" Crown Prince Gu Xuansha laughed crazily again, "Gu Tiansha, people say that you're audacious, but that's all you've got now. I naturally have my own plans. First, it's true that the Sun and Moon are the will of the Heaven Realm, but because of that, it shows how precious they are. I'll use the One God System and the warship left behind by the prehistoric civilization to devour the will of the Heaven Realm. Plus, if we work together and control the system, won't that be perfect?

Not to mention that you'll gain more, who says that if we refine the Sun and Moon, the Heaven Realm will lose its light?

Once we refine the sun and moon and activate the power of the System, the two of us will be able to transform into a brand new sun and moon and illuminate the Heavenly Realm. All living beings in the Heavenly Realm will be bathed in our brilliance. Nature will worship us and the hearts of people will be used by us. Even the Divine Prefecture will not be able to escape this fate. This is an open plan. When that time comes, even Gu Chensha won't be able to do anything.

As our light shines on the Heaven Realm, the Heaven Realm will be gradually infiltrated by us. We can even refine the Heaven Realm for our own use. When that happens, won't we become truly invincible? " "Shhh …"

When Gu Tiansha heard this, he sucked in a breath of cold air, then nodded his head. "Your plan is really something that no one has ever thought of. If it succeeds, we can indeed obtain huge benefits. We can even merge the warship systems of the Heaven Realm and the prehistoric civilization together. At that time, Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven are nothing, and the Heavenly Dao will be in our hands.

The Prehistoric Civilization's strongest point was their warships and systems, while the Immortal Dao Civilization's strongest point was the Heaven Realm. The combination of the two would definitely produce all sorts of unimaginable power.

"Now I understand why Gu Taxian conferred you the title of Crown Prince. Your cultivation base isn't worth mentioning, but your ambition is incomparably enormous. Sometimes your ambition can destroy you, and sometimes it can create miracles." "Then shall we begin?

If it was just me alone, I wouldn't be able to devour the Sun and Moon. But now we have you. You are the Lord of the Sun and Moon, and you can use the power of the Sun and Moon. With this power, we can change the Heaven Realm's Sun and Moon into our own. No one knows that the Heaven Realm's Sun and Moon are no longer the Heaven Realm's Will, but us.

Hahahaha … "Crown Prince Gu Xuansha laughed maniacally." The Great Spirit God, God Maha, Wan Senshi, Jing Qiu, Gu Tanjian … what do you think? " The Great Spirit God, God Maha, and the others were stunned by Crown Prince Gu Xuansha's idea.

"Crown Prince Gu Xuansha's idea is simply earth-shattering. His ambition is so great that he doesn't care about anything. It's like an ant wanting to move a mountain, or a fish wanting to swallow the sea."

The Great Spirit God's eyes kept turning. No one knew what he was thinking. "If he succeeds, all living beings in the Heaven Realm will be enveloped by his light and will definitely be affected by his karma. In this way, the karma cycle will be filled with sacrifices. The people of the Divine Prefecture will not be an exception. This is a drastic solution for Gu Chensha and the Emperor Heaven. The Gu Family is indeed all crazy. In their blood flows the genes of extreme madness. Gu Chensha, Gu Tiansha, Gu Xuansha.

These people are stirring up chaos in the world and the Heavenly Dao. I don't know when the Emperor Heaven will come out and fight with these people. But now I am benefiting from both sides, which is a great benefit. I, The Great Spirit God, have never been at a disadvantage, and now is no exception.

If it wasn't for the calamity of the world, I wouldn't have been able to cultivate to the Heavenly Origin Realm.

Actually, apart from these monsters, I, The Great Spirit God, am already an existence that dominates the world. If these monsters all meet a calamity, hehe … then I might be the final winner. I hope Gu Chensha, the Emperor Heaven, Gu Xuansha, and Gu Tiansha will all perish together! " "In that case, I agree with your idea. Let's steal the sky and change the sun."

Gu Tiansha calculated deeply for a long time before finally nodding his head. "Come, release the system. I'll help you refine the imprints in the depths of the system. These imprints of the prehistoric civilization are like maggots in your bones. They will bite and control you at any time. However, with the power of the sun and moon in the Heavenly Realm, we can inflict permanent damage and devour them. As long as I devour these imprints, my cultivation will be able to improve, and you will also be fine." "Good. Riches come from danger." Gu Tiansha laughed and opened the battleship and the system, letting Gu Tiansha's will enter.

"Sun and Moon Are Mighty, Heavenly Dao Slays Gods."

Gu Tiansha waved his hands in the air, writing out another 'Yong' character. This' Yong 'character entered the battleship and the system, and instantly, the battleship shot out an intense light, forming bolts of divine lightning that blasted towards Gu Tiansha.

"Hmph!"

Gu Tiansha's expression didn't change. "Your battleship used up too much power, and Gu Chensha invaded it and almost took control of the God System. In the end, you had no choice but to sense Gu Tiansha's aura. You tried to use his fate and bloodline to recover your power, but you ran into me.

I control the sun and moon, and have reached the Heavenly Origin Realm. Suppressing your imprints isn't a problem. " RUMBLE!

Gu Tiansha's body turned into the word "forever" and devoured the god lightning. Then, he entered the battleship.

"Kill!"

As Gu Tiansha invaded the battleship, twelve sealing marks appeared, each of them holding a scepter and a talisman.

These were the twelve magisters of the prehistoric civilization: Lord God, Lord Dawn, Lord Sovereign, Lord Spirit, Lord Rest, Lord Blaze, Lord Mi, Lord Sa, Lord Universal, Lord Epoch, and Lord Si.

Lord Dawn appeared, and his body was dim, as if he had used up too much power, and could be extinguished at any moment. He could sense the invading will, and his killing intent surged. "Damned invaders! We haven't even destroyed the dao of heaven, and yet you bugs dare to touch us? Even if we're not even at one-ten-thousandth of our full power, we're still not something you can handle."

The twelve magisters formed a twelve-pointed starlight that not only resisted Gu Tiansha's invasion, but also attempted to devour his will, soul, flesh, and blood.

"Sun and Moon, assist me!"

Suddenly, the power of the sun and moon sprang up around Gu Tiansha, and an enormous will descended. As the sun and moon rotated, a projection of the heavenly world appeared. That's right, it was the projection of the heavenly world.

The projection of the heavenly world had appeared on Gu Tiansha's body. Theoretically speaking, Gu Tiansha already had the ability to use the power of the heavenly world.

"What?"

Gu Tiansha's heart clenched, and he was given quite a fright. This was because he knew that he was still little Tiansha, a person who shouldn't have existed in this world.

After the projection of the heavenly world appeared on Gu Tiansha's body, it shook violently and completely destroyed the twelve starlight formation that the twelve magisters had formed. Gu Tiansha once again entered the depths of the battleship, and he started to devour the magisters' sealing marks.

"Damn it!"

The twelve magisters' sealing marks all roared, "We're immortal beings, undying creators! You bug, how dare you try to devour us! God's Descent!" Buzz …

In the system of the prehistoric civilization, a ball of pure light suddenly appeared. This light seemed to be condensed from many runes, and it contained the deepest understanding and wisdom of the civilization. However, at this moment, this ball of pure light seemed to have an additional inexplicable concept.

Before, the light of the One God System had been incredibly pure. But now, it had absorbed the quintessence of the immortal dao civilization, and many of the writings within it were similar to Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra. That made the One God System even more perfect, more complete, and more complete. RUMBLE! The light and writings of the One God System reflected Gu Tiansha back. Gu Tiansha once again formed his body, and his expression was very unsightly. Damn it!

Damn that Gu Chensha! I can't believe he put his Dragonless Heart Sutra into the One God System! That's going to make the system even more perfect! He's making an even more powerful enemy for himself! " "You weren't able to refine the twelve magisters' seals?"

Gu Tiansha frowned. "I know what Gu Chensha meant. After Gu Chensha invaded the battleship and the system and absorbed the knowledge of the prehistoric civilization, he intentionally left the Dragonless Heart Sutra inside so that the system could evolve again and become a threat to the Emperor Of Heaven. Apart from that, the system absorbed the Dragonless Heart Sutra, which means that he himself initiated some kind of evolution. In the end, he used some kind of cultivation base to completely absorb the system." (Hold down for three seconds to copy)