Chapter 55
==========

Gu Chensha roared on the flat ground in the town, training the soldiers.

There were 243 people there, including Liu Yu's group of five, which made a total of 248 people. Every day, they trained with all their might to defend against the barbarians and evil sect members who came to invade from time to time.

After a few days, Liu Yu's group of five had successfully stepped into the Martial Arts Grandmaster Realm after consuming the Heavenly Dew and under Gu Chensha's guidance. They activated their swords, which were filled with killing intent and had an ancient aura. The five of them were martial arts masters and had reached the acme of perfection.

The sword in one's palm was an ancient weapon that could communicate with one's Qi and blood. The person nurtured the sword, and the sword nurtured the person. As one's martial arts improved, their Qi and blood became purer, and it was not unusual for them to become one with the sword. The potential of the five swords was so great that even the Dragon Bone Sword couldn't compare.

The Dragon Bone Sword was a divine weapon that had been forged for thousands of years, but the five swords were truly from the ancient times. They were born during the Five Seasons Era. Because of the long passage of time, the Spiritual Qi within them had dissipated, which was why they became ordinary and couldn't display their true power. However, Gu Chensha had a feeling that the five swords seemed to be the embodiment of some kind of rule. The five of them were treasures, and he was lucky to have picked them up. Clang!

As he gave the order, the remaining 243 people drew their swords at the same time. Their killing intent soared into the sky, and there was a vague sense of military might.

The people of Xian Province loved martial arts, and all the young people in the villages knew a few moves. This was because this place was close to the barbarians at the border. Before the Great Stone Wall was built, the barbarians would often invade this place. If one didn't know martial arts, it would be difficult to survive. This was also the reason why the entire Xian Province believed in The Great Spirit God. Everyone hoped to be strong enough to kill the barbarians and keep themselves safe.

The 243 young people had a good foundation. Coupled with the Blood Strengthening Pill they took every day, their bodies were getting stronger and stronger. Gu Chensha had taught them the Great Spirit God Technique, and they also believed in The Great Spirit God. Cultivating this technique would bring out the best in each other. Kill! Kill! Kill!

The 243 youths roared at the same time and struck out with their sabers. The saber light flashed like a shadow, and the roars were thunderous. Suddenly, there was the feeling of sand and stones flying. They displayed the Giant Spirit Saber Technique. The moves were simple and unadorned, but they were extremely powerful in actual combat.

Gu Chensha nodded as he watched. These days, he had trained his troops very effectively. These youths could be compared to the elites.

These young people could be compared to elites. "Spring 4, spring 11, summer 9, summer 15, summer 15, summer 15, summer 15, summer 15, summer 15, summer 15, summer 15, summer 15, summer 15, summer 15, summer 15, summer 15, summer 15, summer 16, summer 16, summer 16, summer 16, summer 16 winter 16, summer 16 winter 16 winter 16, summer 16 winter 16 winter 16, summer 16 winter 16, stepped!

"Spring Four, Spring Eleven, Summer Nine, Summer Fifteen, Flame Five, Flame Six, Autumn Seven, Autumn Twenty, Winter Eight, Winter Thirteen, step forward!" "Gu" Gu Chensha shouted. and shouted. after he. shouted. of of the time....

"Qi..

Ten young men leaped in front of him and stood perfectly straight. Their spirit, energy and spirit were like blades, showing off their abilities. Gradually, they developed the murderous aura of soldiers. They had killed barbarians, been on the battlefield, and received the influence of experience. Immediately, they were no longer the young men of the town. Gu to to to to of of to to to to to was. were Gu Gu Gu Gu Sha had had were.. These youths were divided into five groups, led by Liu Yu and the other four.

Liu Yu's group of five practiced the Five Seasons Sword Technique, which were respectively Spring, Summer, Flame, Autumn, and Winter. Spring was rain, Summer was thunder, Flame was fire, Autumn was frost, and Winter was snow. Using the Five Seasons as a code name, it was clear.

"The ten of you have been fighting valiantly recently. You've beheaded the most enemies, and your cultivation bases have improved. You've been working hard. Now, I will reward you with ten medicinal pills. Use them." Gu Chensha took out ten medicinal pills.

"Thank you, Nineteenth Lord."

The ten of them took the pills, knelt down on one knee, and swallowed them without the slightest hesitation. They didn't even ask what it was. From this, it could be seen that they already knew how to obey orders to the death. This was a necessity of military law, a necessity of training soldiers.

After the ten people consumed it, a beast-like aura erupted from their bodies. Their muscles bulged, and the energy in their bodies intertwined with each other. They were ten times braver than before. Other than that, their spiritual temperament was clearly different. They were truly like ferocious tigers and jackals, fierce and sharp. They had taken the Tiger Wolf Pill.

These days, Gu Chensha had taken the time to hunt in the surrounding forests and behead the Tiger Wolf Priests. He had refined ten medicinal pills, just enough to train ten outstanding youths.

If it wasn't for the fact that there weren't many tigers and wolves in the nearby forests, he would definitely have refined more than two hundred medicinal pills for everyone to consume. That way, they could truly form a fighting force that wouldn't lose to those deathsworn soldiers that the aristocratic families had trained for decades.

However, treasures like the Tiger Wolf Pill could only be awarded to those who had made contributions and were loyal. He couldn't give out all of them.

"What medicinal pill is this?"

Liu Yu and the other four widened their eyes in disbelief. They felt that after those soldiers who weren't even Martial Warriors consumed it, their physical bodies had become martial arts masters. It was just that their cultivation bases were slightly weaker, but their spiritual temperament had changed. They had the majesty of a tiger, and the tenacity of a wolf.

"You've all become martial arts masters. This pill is useless to you. This pill is a foundational pill."

Gu Chensha explained. After the ten people's aura had calmed down, he said, "You still need to train hard and completely refine the medicinal effects in your bodies." "Yes!"

The ten people looked at the changes in their bodies and were filled with joy. At the same time, they developed a kind of omnipotent medicinal pill for Gu Chensha.

A single medicinal pill could allow them to greatly increase their strength. They would be reborn, and even their souls would evolve. This kind of method was no different from that of a god.

Gu Chensha looked at these people and nodded to himself. After so many days of hard work, he had finally cultivated a team. In the future, when he returned to the capital city, he would be able to show off his skills here. Woo woo woo … At this moment, the desolate bugle horn sounded again.

"Could it be that the barbarian soldiers are here again?"

Gu Chensha's body darted to the top of the wall. He looked into the distance and realized that the barbarian cavalry had appeared again in front of him. Smoke and dust billowed as they charged towards him. He was shocked, but when he looked again, he saw that it was a group of barbarian cavalry. There were about a thousand of them, and he calmed down. He could kill a thousand of them easily.

"Prepare for battle!"

Gu Chensha made a hand gesture. Suddenly, all the youths raised their sabers, bent their backs, and held their breath. Their spirits were raised, and they moved silently. They didn't seem like soldiers, but more like assassins.

The barbarian cavalry arrived outside the town, but did not attack. Instead, they asked, "May I ask if the Nineteenth Highness is here?" "Hm?" Gu Chensha looked over and shouted, "If you are not barbarian soldiers, then who are you?" "The Nineteenth Highness."

The leader of the barbarian soldiers immediately dismounted and knelt down. "We are the subordinates of the Marquis of Dashi. We disguised ourselves as barbarians in order to spy for information. We heard that the Nineteenth Highness was once again guarding the main road, so we came here to meet up. This is my token!" "Toss the token over." Gu Chensha didn't dare to completely believe it.

The barbarian soldier tossed the token over. It was exquisitely crafted, with a Bi 'an beast head on it, and a name engraved on it: First Class Tiger General Shi Tie.

"You are from the Marquis of Dashi's main family?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Reporting to the Nineteenth Master, according to seniority, I am the Marquis's nephew," Shi Tie answered.

"I heard that the Marquis of Dashi has a set of fist techniques circulating in the army called the Spirit Stone Fist. I wonder if you know it?" Gu Chensha still didn't believe it.

Shi Tie thought to himself, 'This Nineteenth Master is really meticulous. Who said he was a fool?' As he thought this, he pressed his hands on the ground. "Rumble!" The ground gave off a muffled sound, and cracks spread out with him as the center.

"This move is called the Mischievous Stone Nod." Shi Tie kowtowed. "Please enlighten me, Nineteenth Master."

"It is indeed the Spirit Stone Fist. Heavy, steady, and unchanging. No matter how the wind and rain exploit it, you must have practiced this for at least twenty years. You must have practiced it since you were young. It seems like it is not a fake. Enter the town, let's talk together. "Gu Chensha asked someone to open the door.

After the troop of a thousand people entered, the Tiger General Shi Tie realized that each and every one of Gu Chensha's subordinates were strong, especially Liu Yu and the other four. They were all Martial Masters.

"I heard that this Nineteenth Master is poor, so he chose the commoners of this town to train his soldiers in order to resist the barbarian army. But are these soldiers really commoners? How can there be as many as five Martial Masters? "

He was greatly shocked, but he didn't express it. Instead, he said, "The Marquis has already received the imperial court's bulletin. He knows that Nineteenth Master has killed the Black Demon Bat, Yin-Yang Scholar, the Hundred Poisons Daoist, and the Bloody Soul Cult's leader. He is very impressed with Nineteenth Master's bravery. In order to help Nineteenth Master reach a higher level and achieve great achievements, he specially ordered me to serve and obey Nineteenth Master's orders. At the same time, I have brought three hundred sets of armor for Nineteenth Master's soldiers."

He gestured, and the soldiers behind him immediately took out a large bundle from their horses. When they opened the bundle, a set of light and thin armor appeared.

The armor was pitch-black, and it was densely covered with sharp scales. It looked like the skin of a python, but it could be seen that it was made of a special material that was hand-forged.

"Nineteenth Master, please let your soldiers try it out," Shi Tie said.

"Yan One, you go." Gu Chensha gestured.

"Yes!" Yan One took a big step forward and was about to put on the armor.

"This isn't how you wear the armor. Drip your blood on it first." Shi Tie hurriedly stopped him. "There are seals on the inside of the armor."

As expected, there were seals on the inside of the armor. Yan One dripped his blood on it, and the armor seemed to come to life. It turned into something like a snake and crawled on his body. In an instant, it wrapped around him from head to toe. Not even the slightest gap could be seen. Even his eyes were covered with a thin layer of red.

"So magical." Gu Chensha and many of his subordinates were dumbfounded.

"Try punching," Shi Tie said again. Yan One took a big step forward and punched. Bang!

The air clearly shook, and deep footprints appeared on the ground. Then, he leaped and landed on the roof easily. This was something he couldn't have done before he put on the armor. Shi Tie grabbed the Barbarian Tribe's saber. Swoosh swoosh swoosh!

Three consecutive saber strikes landed on Yan One's body. However, Yan One didn't move at all. There wasn't even a scratch on the armor. Instead, the saber broke into two.

"Damn!" Liu Yu and the others widened their eyes. "This is still armor? Are you sure it isn't a Celestial Treasure?" "This is the Horned Dragon Armor?" Gu Chensha's heart stirred.

"Nineteenth Master is wise. That's right. This armor is the highest secret of the Celestial Designer Institute. However, the Celestial Designer Institute has recently overcome a technical difficulty. As long as we have the materials, this armor can be mass-produced." Shi Tie suddenly said, "In the future, our Great Yong army will definitely be invincible."