Chapter 1083
============

Damn it!

"Damn it! Don't underestimate me, you beasts. Sooner or later, I'll make you look at me differently. "

Lin Xiaofan was out of danger, but the humiliation in his heart was endless, and it kept growing. He had developed a strong hatred for Lou Baiyue and the others. If Lou Baiyue and the others were to deal with him, then his hatred wouldn't be so strong.

But now the group of people in the new world disdained him and thought that he wasn't even worth dealing with, which made his self-esteem bleed.

Lin Xiaofan was the most arrogant existence. Although he temporarily worshipped Wen Tingyu as his big brother, he was actually looking for an opportunity to devour his big brother. He didn't have any reverence for his big brother.

He was a genius since he was born, and then he secretly understood the highest secret of arcane magic. He had never suffered any losses. He wasn't afraid of the enemy being strong. The stronger the enemy, the more it could stimulate his fighting spirit. But now the enemy actually ignored him, and he couldn't do anything about it. That was the most helpless and hurt. But the good thing was that he was now out of danger.

"I'd better return to the Arcane Kingdom, the Four Realms Into One module is still there."

Suddenly, Lin Xiaofan had an idea, "Zhang Ziran was devoured by Gu Huasha, and the two escaped. Zhao Jiangshan was sealed. Now the Four Realms Into One module is unmanned. If I refine it first, I can get the origin of the four realms. In this way, I can quickly become the master of the four realms. I've made a fortune, I've made a fortune."

When he thought of this, he hurried to the place where Zhao Jiangshan built the Four Realms Into One module.

But at this time, there was one more person at the place where the Four Realms Into One module was. This person was still a young man, but he didn't look like a playboy. He was wearing armor and holding a Heavenly Halberd. He looked mighty and brave, like an eternal god of war.

He held the Heavenly Halberd in one hand and stroked the Four Realms Into One module with the other. There was a happy smile on his face, "I didn't expect there to be such a good thing here. The origin of the four realms is gathered here, and it will soon condense into the foundation of the old world. If I get the foundation of the old world, I can definitely take a step ahead and go further on the road to becoming the real protagonist of the old world. I can completely shake off those who are also the children of destiny." This person is another candidate for the Old World's protagonist.

Lin Xiaofan was shocked. He knew very well how powerful the Old World's protagonist candidates were. He was no match for them at all. Back when he encountered Wen Tingyu, he was almost instantly subdued by him.

"Damn it, someone actually beat me to it. Don't tell me I don't have any chance?"

At this moment, Lin Xiaofan hated himself, hated everything, and hated Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and the others even more.

However, deep in his heart, he knew that in such a situation, leaving quietly was the right thing to do.

If he encountered the Old World's protagonist, there was absolutely no chance of him defeating him. This kind of popularity was heaven-defying. Even if he won for a moment, he would make a comeback in a few days and be completely suppressed. It was the same with Wen Tingyu last time.

"What a pity. I could have found an opportunity to devour Wen Tingyu and obtain his Old World protagonist's providence. That way, I could compete for the Four Realms Into One module and completely achieve the Supreme Orthodox Dao. I might even become the Old World's true protagonist."

Lin Xiaofan also knew that the Old World's protagonist was the throne. Many protagonist candidates were princes. These princes fought with each other, and the last one to be decided would be the emperor. The strange thing is that Gu Chensha doesn't seem to care, nor does he stop me. Many thoughts flashed through Lin Xiaofan's mind, but he had to leave now.

"Who is it!?" The young man with the halberd suddenly seemed to have discovered something.

"Oh no."

Lin Xiaofan's heart tightened. He couldn't escape even if he wanted to. He saw the halberd tear through the sky, destroying all spacetime and descending violently. No matter what method he used, he couldn't dodge it.

"These protagonist candidates are all perverts." Lin Xiaofan cursed. He let out a long roar. "Big Brother, I have no ill intentions." The Heavenly Halberd stopped on the top of his head and didn't descend.

The reserve main character looked at Lin Xiaofan and said, "Not bad, not bad. You are someone who has received the blessing of the Arcane Universe. You do have some divine abilities, and you have actually cultivated to the highest level of the Heavenly Dao. However, compared to me, you are still far behind. You are too narrow minded.

In that case, you will be my slave and serve me as your master. There will definitely be benefits for you in the future. " "May I know your name?"

Lin Xiaofan cursed in his heart, but he couldn't do anything. He had thousands of spells, but he knew that once he used them, he would be killed by the Heavenly Halberd.

"Fang Mo Wen."

The young man with the Heavenly Halberd's clothes fluttered in the wind. He grabbed the Four Realms Into One module with one hand and hovered above Lin Xiaofan's head with the Heavenly Halberd in the other. "Kneel down. I will arrange a slave contract for you." "Don't even think about it!"

Lin Xiaofan knew that he couldn't stand it anymore. He definitely couldn't sign the slave contract. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to escape. He had invented the Eternal Soul Enslavement Technique, so he knew how powerful it was.

"Since you are not willing to be my slave, then die." The Heavenly Halberd descended. Fang Mo Wen looked at Lin Xiaofan as though he was looking at an ant.

"Brother Mo Wen, why are you so angry?"

At this moment, a sword light appeared in the void and directly stabbed the Heavenly Halberd. It actually shook the Heavenly Halberd away. Then, another young man with a sword appeared.

The fate of this young man was also blazing. It was obvious that he was one of the protagonist candidates.

Moreover, Lin Xiaofan also knew this young man with a sword. He was called "Jun Jianzhen." He was once an enemy of "Wen Tingyu." He came from the World of Swords.

The so-called World of Swords was the entire universe. Everything was related to swords. In this universe, everyone practiced the way of the sword and respected the sword. The civilization of the way of the sword was unprecedentedly prosperous. It was also a super large universe that had the tendency to evolve into a super large universe.

Back when the Jade Universe and the Sword Universe were fighting, both sides wanted to eliminate each other. Lin Xiaofan followed Wen Tingyu and did a series of things. He fought against the Jade Universe and even caused great harm to Jun Jianzhen. In theory, Lin Xiaofan was Jun Jianzhen's enemy. However, Jun Jianzhen actually helped him now. He didn't know why.

"Lin Xiaofan, I admire you very much. So, I saved you. Now that Wen Tingyu is dead, you can join me.

You can join me, and I will trust you absolutely. Back then, although you went against me, I still had a very high opinion of you. " "Greetings, my lord."

Lin Xiaofan seized the opportunity and immediately knelt down. He reacted very quickly. "My lord, from now on, I will be at your beck and call. I will die for you." "Very good."

Jun Jianzhen waved his hand. "Brother Mo Wen, you have obtained the Four Realms Becoming One module. Do you think you can monopolize it? If you monopolize it, will we still have a chance to live in the future? " "Jun Jianzhen, what do you want?"

Fang Mo asked. "I will definitely not throw away the fat meat that is in my hands. Do you think you can snatch the Four Realms Becoming One module from me?

This module is condensed from the source of the Arcane Universe, Immemorial Universe, Mother Nest Universe, and Taiwu Universe. Some experts have put in a lot of effort to condense this module. How about we split it equally and condense this module again? " "Split equally?" Jun Jianzhen waved his hand. "I want it all, including your fate."

"Hahaha …" Fang Mowen laughed, "Jun Jianzhen, did you take the wrong medicine? Did you lose your mind?

If the two of us work together, we can make the Four Realms Becoming One module bigger. You want to monopolize it and even want to kill me? I'm afraid even if you are twice as strong, you don't have the ability. " "I was just joking with Brother Mo Wen just now. Don't take it to heart."

Suddenly, Jun Jianzhen's expression changed and became very warm. He threw his previous arrogance and unhappiness to the back of his mind and changed his expression so quickly that it was unbelievable. "I heard that a person called Zhou Yang appeared in the multivariate universe recently. This person was originally a protagonist candidate, but because of many mistakes, he was actually affected by the new world. In the end, he became a new world that even the old world could not accept. However, his cultivation was extremely strong and he hunted us everywhere and devoured us. Have you heard about this?" "I have vaguely heard about it," Fang Mo said.

"However, if we condense the Four Realms Becoming One now, it will definitely cause a huge commotion. At that time, if Zhou Yang comes to find us, we may not be able to withstand it."

The Four Realms Becoming One was extremely huge and stood in the void. No one could take it away, unless they had cultivated to the Supreme Immortal Realm.

Even if all the experts found this place, they could only slowly refine it and finally become the Master of the Four Realms.

"This is a juicy piece of meat. Unfortunately, no matter who we are, we can't swallow it," Jun Jianzhen said.

"Moreover, if we stay here, I'm afraid many disasters will occur. However, if we give up, the losses will be even greater. Brother Mo Wen, what do you think?" "It's hard to get off the tiger. It's hard to advance or retreat.

Fang Mo once again activated his power, wanting to take the Four Realms Becoming One module away and hide it. Unfortunately, the module did not move at all, as if it had taken root.

"It's useless. If you want to completely shake this Four Realms Becoming One module, you need to have the power to include all four realms." Jun Jianzhen seemed to have guessed this long ago.

"Then we still need to think of a foolproof plan." Fang Mo stopped.

In the depths of the void, Gu Chensha was still watching everything. All the changes in the wind and clouds were in his eyes.