Chapter 460
===========

Very quickly, Gu Chensha returned to the Common People's Wish sphere. Without saying a word, he shot four talismans into the Heavenly Demon Tree to nourish it.

These four talismans were the Dark Armor Foolishness of the 20th transformation, the Dark Armor Foolishness of the 25th transformation, the Dark Armor Foolishness of the 24th transformation, the Six-Armed Snake Demon of the 24th transformation, and the Blood Demon expert of the 25th transformation.

Apart from the Dark Armor Foolishness, the other three were the true commanders of the Dark Armor Great Demon race, the Blood Demon race, and the Six-Armed Snake Demon race. Their status was equivalent to that of the imperial court's princes.

Their cultivation levels were extremely high, and any one of them could turn the entire Divine Land upside down. Unfortunately, they had all become food for the Heavenly Demon Tree.

After absorbing these four experts, the Heavenly Demon Tree grew at a speed visible to the naked eye. However, the longer the Heavenly Demon Tree grew, the slower it grew.

"It seems like this Heavenly Demon Tree can only grow by absorbing true gods. Absorbing magic power is a normal thing for the Heavenly Demon Tree. It needs to absorb the world power of god-rank experts."

Gu Chensha looked at the Heavenly Demon Tree and wondered if he could transform into this tree and use the same function.

However, after studying it for a long time, he realized that the structure of this Heavenly Demon Tree was too complicated. Even if he cultivated the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth, he might not be able to do anything.

This was because the Heavenly Demon Tree also contained the power of space. In fact, it had already given birth to the power of a world.

The Common People's Wish sphere itself was a Grotto-Heaven grade treasure. It contained world power that slowly nourished the Heavenly Demon Tree and complemented each other. Unfortunately, no one in the Calm Deity Department could activate the massive power of the sphere. The cultivation levels of the people in the Calm Deity Department were generally very low.

"Heavenly Demon Reversal, Five Elements Gathering, Connate Bloodline, Pure Essence Energy!"

With a point of his finger, Gu Chensha activated the power of the Heavenly Demon Tree and himself. He communicated with many dimensions, and instantly, five beams of divine light pierced through the air and gathered on the Heavenly Demon Tree branch.

One was silver-white, gold; one was red, fire; one was black, water; one was green, wood; and one was yellow, earth.

This was the elemental energy of the five elements, and it was extracted from many different dimensions. Among the countless dimensions, there were many elemental energies of the five elements. Some dimensions even specialized in the five elements, such as the Metal Dimension, Fire Dimension, Water Dimension, Wood Dimension, Earth Dimension.

Of course, he couldn't directly absorb the Five Element Essence Powers. Normally speaking, when one reached the 20th transformation, cultivators would start to familiarize themselves with the Five Element Essence Powers. Then, they would gather the Five Element Essence Powers to refine and merge them into their own Five Element Essence Powers. Then, they would start to circulate and merge into one to reach the 21st transformation.

After Gu Chensha familiarized himself with the quality of the Heavenly Dao technique, he was about to break through to the twenty-first transformation. To him, this was not difficult at all.

Not many people in the world had the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and North Star bloodlines. Moreover, he had to crush the five bloodlines into one.

Gu Chensha used the Great Massacre God Technique to summon the Five Element Essence Powers from many dimensions. He didn't absorb them himself, but let the Heavenly Demon Tree absorb them and refine them.

Slowly, under the Heavenly Demon Tree's absorption, the impurities in the Five Element Essence Powers were extracted. Then, the purest Five Element Essence Powers turned into the shadows of the Five Saint Beasts.

Five small Saint Beasts, Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise, formed on the Heavenly Demon Tree.

A full month passed. Gu Chensha continued to comprehend the Five Element Transformations. The Five Element Saint Beasts formed on the Heavenly Demon Tree became bigger and bigger. In the end, each of them was the size of a small mountain, and they seemed to have gained spirituality.

"Absorb!"

Suddenly, the Five Element Saint Beasts seemed to have matured. They all fell off the Heavenly Demon Tree and shrunk. They turned into five fist-sized beads and merged into Gu Chensha's body.

Then, Gu Dusha transformed into a ball of raging fire, a heavenly tree, a huge wave, a huge sword, and a huge blade. Finally, he transformed into a continent.

After a month of hard work, he finally mastered the 21st Dao Realm Transformation, the Five Elements Transformation. The Five Elements were the foundation of all things.

Only when one's magic power could be transformed into the Five Element Essence Powers would they have the foundation to transform into all things in the world and reach the 22nd Transformation, the Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth.

"Congratulations, Your Highness. You comprehended the 21st Dao Realm Transformation so quickly. This transformation is the true foundation. As the saying goes, the clouds and the rain are all in a single thought." Zhuge Ya clapped his hands and cheered. "Now, the number one combat power of the Tranquil Immortal Department belongs to you."

"The Devil Clan is powerful. Although I killed several important leaders of the Devil Clan with the Art of Disguise and some small tricks and instigated internal strife among the Devil Clan, the Devil Clan won't stop attacking the Divine Land just because of the death of a few people."

Gu Chensha sighed. "At most, I just delayed it for a period of time. During this month of cultivation, how are the demon race and Heaven Alliance doing?"

"The demon race seems to be divided. Many demon god level experts have started to negotiate to solve the problem. Heaven Alliance is starting to merge. I have also subdued Wudang Xing and sent him out to execute a series of plans."

Zhuge Ya naturally had the means to change it. "Your Highness's actions this time have naturally delayed the outbreak of the Devil Disaster, but it's still a drop in the bucket. It can't stop the rolling tide. The Devil Disaster broke out because the demonic nature and spiritual nature in the world have lost their balance. Our Central Plains is now flourishing, especially during this period of time. The Marshal of the People has already recruited about a hundred thousand outstanding, loyal, and willing to work for the country and its people.

Out of these 100,000 disciples, I picked out 100 who were absolutely loyal and didn't have any problems to teach them the first part of the Dragon Raising Heart Technique. " Naturally, the Dragon Raising Heart Technique wouldn't be taught in one go.

Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya had long since calculated that they would teach the Dragon Raising Heart Technique in many parts. There were basically nine parts.

The first part was to accumulate the Dragon Raising Qi in one's body and strengthen one's foundation. Although the cultivator couldn't increase one's talent, even a fool would become strong after cultivating it. Their bodies would be filled with endless energy, and they would gradually become smarter. After cultivating the second part, they would become slightly talented, and the third part would be mid-talented. Only after cultivating the fourth, fifth, and sixth parts would one have superior talent. The final three parts required complete cultivation to have the chance to become a genius.

Of course, not every fool who cultivated the Dragon Raising Heart Technique would become a genius. However, there was a high chance that they would. But for those who cultivated the Dragon Raising Heart Technique, even if they were as dumb as a pig, they could still become superior. In other words, they would become a general.

"The Oath of the Common People is boiling in this sphere."

Gu Chensha looked at the sky above the sphere. The oath was growing larger and larger. It was very pure, identical to his understanding of the Life Mending Art. It was also "If the Heavenly Dao is lacking, the Common People will make up for it."

Of course, there was also Lou Baiyue's philosophy. "If the Heavenly Dao is wrong, the Common People will make up for it."

This oath was a ball of light, and within the light, countless voices could be heard. They were the oaths of the common people, and they kept reverberating in the sphere, causing the sphere to be in an absolute balance and perfect state of existence. It was like billions of demons were chanting the Mahākāśyapa mantra.

Gu Chensha's eyes pierced through the sphere, and he saw the academy he had established in the Boorish Wasteland.

Within the Common People's Wish Academy, there were a total of 100,000 disciples. They were a mix of men and women, and they were all cultivating and learning. They would train tens of times a day, and every time they trained, they would make an oath. Through repeated intensive training, they would infuse the philosophy of the Common People Mending Heaven into their souls.

These disciples would cultivate, and then they would enter the Boorish Wasteland to clean up the monsters and demonic apes left behind. If they had some small achievements, they would be sent out to travel and spread their ideals. These were all the missions of the academy.

The entire academy was managed by 360 Common People Marshals, and there would basically be no problems. Not to mention 100,000 apprentices, even if there were a billion apprentices, the Common People Marshals would still manage them well.

Think about it, Bao Ming 'er had a population of about 100 million in the Great Wei Dynasty, and she still managed them very well. Moreover, the Common People Marshals were much stronger than her. Moreover, there were 360 Common People Marshals.

This was all thanks to Dou Nineteen. If not for his "Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldier", even if Gu Chensha had another 100 years, he would not be able to create a puppet like the Common People Marshals.

"The world's situation is still not optimistic."

Zhuge Ya said, "Our altar in the Boorish Wasteland has already retreated. Princess Yuefu, Liu Yu, and the other four are no longer training and killing demons in the Boorish Wasteland. Otherwise, they would be suppressed by Demon God level experts at any time. The demonic nature has already started to boil, and the demons are also preparing to attack us. We don't have much time left."

"Our current development speed is already fast enough, but we still can't keep up with the speed of the world's collapse.

Once the Devil Disaster breaks out, the various forces in the world will all rise up. My countless predictions have all come to the same conclusion, and there are no variables. When that time comes, our Calming Xian Department will become the target of public criticism. "The more profound Gu Chensha's magic power was, the more he knew that the world's affairs were getting more and more dangerous.

On the surface, the world was at peace, and the people were singing and dancing to celebrate peace. Everywhere was peaceful, and it was an unprecedented golden age.

But because of this, the spirituality and demonic nature in the world had already lost their balance, and an even greater disaster was brewing.

The more prosperous the world was, the stronger the spirituality, and the stronger the demonic nature's retaliation.

But Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya, and the rest of the people from the Calming Xian Department were absolutely unwilling to see the world have a chance to develop further, but they were stagnant.

There were tribulations in cultivation, and the advancement of humanity was filled with tribulations. It would never be smooth sailing.