Chapter 400
===========

Gu Chensha had already expected all sorts of bad things to happen. He didn't have the slightest confidence in winning against Xing Qiongshi. Now, Xing Qiongshi had imparted some secret arts to Wu Dangkong and told Wu Dangkong to kill him. Yet, Xing Qiongshi's Golden Core was actually on the verge of exploding. This was simply unimaginable.

However, Gu Chensha believed that Xing Qiongshi had unfathomable abilities. This "Divine Prefecture's Fiercest" was truly the strongest person in the past. He tore apart gods, devoured immortals, and killed the Son of Heaven. Even though his body was split into several pieces now, the minuscule will in his head still had earth-shattering power.

"Suppress."

Facing the restlessness of the eighteen Golden Cores in his body, Gu Chensha didn't feel the slightest fear. Since that was the case, he could use the pressure from Xing Qiongshi to make some breakthroughs in his cultivation.

If Xing Qiongshi hadn't given him pointers and Wu Dangkong pressure, he wouldn't have known what flaws he had in his cultivation. Right now, Wu Dangkong wanted to kill him. How could he not be training his cultivation?

He took a deep breath and poured his powerful mental power into his body, suppressing all the restlessness of the Golden Cores and forcing them into his acupoints. He wanted to forcefully fuse them with his physical body.

At the same time, his body moved. He passed through the seawater and arrived in front of Wu Dangkong. His iron fist pierced through and attacked.

"You still want to use this trick?"

Wu Dangkong sneered. "I know all your tricks. You actually devoured my Tianwu Secret Talisman. This time, I will make you spit it all out with interest."

Xing Qiongshi's will body quietly watched the battle between Gu Chensha and Wu Dangkong. It didn't seem to have any intention of interfering. It was unknown whether it had the ability to do so.

Wu Dangkong's body flickered slightly, and she had already glided tens of zhang away. She formed a seal with her hands and spat out a few words. It seemed to be the most wondrous primordial secret art of the Immemorial Era. The incantation moved.

The Jindan that Gu Chensha had just suppressed was restless again, and it was the kind of violent restlessness that was almost about to explode and blow his body to pieces.

The power of the eighteen Golden Cores in his body was simply unimaginable. If he really couldn't control them and exploded, his body would definitely be blown to pieces.

"Because he performed the Eden Grand Sacrifice, his sea of energy and his sea of consciousness have two separate dimensions. Therefore, even if his fleshly body were to be reduced to dust, his will would still be able to hide in the Eden, safe and sound. He wouldn't truly die. But since you have the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, you can sacrifice your own magical power to summon the power of the Dao of Heaven and tear his Eden apart. You don't know how to use the power of the talisman, so I'll teach you now."

Xing Qiongshi continued to speak to Wu Dangkong, "Even though I don't know the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art, I'm very clear about the power of this art. It's definitely not as simple as what you displayed."

As he spoke, Xing Qiongshi's boundless will seeped into Wu Dangkong's sea of consciousness, giving him many tips and experiences in cultivation.

Having fought countless battles with the Son of Heaven, Xing Qiongshi's understanding of the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art was far above that of Gu Chensha and Wu Dangkong. With his guidance, Wu Dangkong's usage of this art had reached a whole new level.

"Sun and Moon Eternal Suppression."

Taking advantage of the chaos in Gu Chensha's Golden Core once again, Wu Dangkong activated even more of the wondrous effects of the Sun and Moon Shine Together. A sun and a moon appeared in the seawater at the same time, as if they were communicating with the real sun and moon in the sky. Waves of tremors descended, trying to seal Gu Chensha within.

"Xing Qiongshi, I'd like to see how far you can go in teaching her."

Gu Chensha indeed sensed great danger, but he was not afraid at all. Once again, he activated his will and tempered it a thousand times, suppressing the restlessness of the Golden Core for the second time. Then, he spread his hands apart, as if he was going to tear the sky apart. Honglong!

He used the strength of his physical body to charge into the Sun and Moon Light. His hands ripped apart and pierced through Wu Dangkong's body once more.

His attacks were unique. Pretty much 99% of cultivators wouldn't use their physical bodies to attack once they reached Dao Realm Six Transformations. Basically, they would use Xiantian Earth Energy, Mental Energy, Primordial Spirit Power, Golden Core Power, and Dharmic Power.

Although physical strength was the foundation, it was the lowest, most primitive, and weakest power. Moreover, the physical body was really weak and even if it was sliced by Xiantian Earth Energy, it wouldn't be able to block at all. Not to mention Mental Energy, which could totally disregard the physical body.

However, Gu Chensha was now completely using his physical body to attack. The Golden Core in his body was just a form of assistance in activating his physical body.

His body was like a treasure. When he punched out, it brought with it the intent to destroy everything. His Golden Core and Body as One, there were swallowing, absorbing, shaking, exploding, pulling, whirlpools, twisting, etc. Numerous powers mixed together. Kill! In just an instant, his body passed through the Sun and Moon Eternal Suppression technique.

"You're just struggling before death."

Wu Dangkong spread out once more. "Do you think you can still use the power of the Banishing Celestials to absorb my Spiritual Power?

I've received guidance from Senior Xing Qiongshi and know the trick to locking my Spiritual Power. This time, I'll definitely kill you. " The sky was filled with the light of the Sun and Moon.

Wu Dangkong's body had actually turned into a huge sun and a bright moon. They reflected each other, and yin and yang were both within. At this moment, she seemed to be able to replace the real Sun and Moon in patrolling the world, monitoring everything, warming the people, illuminating the darkness, and dispelling evil.

"This woman's cultivation has actually improved so much in an instant."

Gu Chensha was also secretly shocked. The eighteen Golden Cores in his body had never stopped moving, which was a huge problem for him. He could only use thirty to forty percent of his power, and even though he used a fierce fist technique, he still couldn't do any damage to Wu Dangkong.

"Core Explosion!"

Wu Dangkong seemed to have turned into light. She was everywhere, but at the same time, untouchable. The light bobbed up and down in the sea, constantly vibrating and emitting all kinds of strange frequencies. The sound of the primordial curse became much louder. The Golden Cores in Gu Chensha's body finally couldn't take it anymore. Ka-cha!

Cracks appeared on the eighteen Golden Cores at the same time. This was a sign of danger. It meant that the Golden Cores had a flaw, and the huge amount of energy within them was starting to go berserk. If that happened, even if Wu Dangkong didn't attack, Gu Chensha would inevitably blow himself up.

"Primordial Chaos Sacred Body, Scattered Pills to nourish the soul."

At this moment, Gu Chensha suddenly activated Jiang Gongwang's secret technique. Other than the main Golden Core, the other seventeen smaller Golden Cores released Core Qi to nourish his body's meridians.

Originally, his body had reached a certain level of strength. No matter how much he nourished it, it would be hard for it to improve. However, at this moment, under the powerful pressure, Gu Chensha reversed his body and combined it with the Heavenly Demon Tree's knowledge. He raised his body to a new level.

He had originally comprehended the Primordial Chaos Holy Body because of the Heavenly Demon Tree, which gave him the characteristics of the Primordial Chaos Tree. This way, he would have a deeper understanding of his body. He was actually using the Scattered Pill Soul-Nourishing Art to further evolve his body.

This was the wisdom of the previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, and the accumulated memories of many ancient demon sages.

The Core Qi released by the seventeen smaller Golden Cores filled many of Gu Chensha's meridians. Those meridians squirmed like the veins of the Heavenly Demon Tree. In the blink of an eye, they absorbed a huge amount of Core Qi, giving birth to a feeling of primordial chaos. At this moment, Gu Chensha's body had a trace of the Primordial Chaos Tree's characteristics. This transformation actually consumed a huge amount of Core Qi.

In the blink of an eye, all of the rampaging Golden Core energy was sucked away by Gu Chensha's body.

Gu Chensha recalled the day when the Touch of God and Demon tree had transformed into the Heavenly Demon Tree. At that time, all of the life force had been sucked into the sapling. Even the enormous amount of energy that had been gathered inside the Common People's Wish sphere for several years had been sucked dry. However, the Heavenly Demon Sapling still wasn't satisfied.

It could be said that the Heavenly Demon Sapling had been single-handedly created by Gu Chensha. It was the same as one of his avatars. It could be said that even if Gu Chensha died now, he could still condense a new one from the Heavenly Demon Tree in the future.

As for the Heavenly Demon Tree's transformation, he had repeatedly calculated in his sea of consciousness and combined it with his own body. This was a topic he had researched for several years.

Xing Qiongshi's guidance to Wu Dangkong had given him unprecedented pressure, but it had also stimulated his unyielding fighting spirit. Since that was the case, then he would compete with Xing Qiongshi.

His body was similar to the day when the Heavenly Demon Tree transformed. In an instant, all the Golden Core Qi was sucked away. Now, the 18 Golden Cores in his body had all disappeared and merged into his body. His body casually twisted like a tree branch. The 18 Golden Cores included his Life Golden Core.

This meant that even his Life Golden Core had disappeared and was absorbed by his body. His body had the characteristics of the Heavenly Demon Tree and also a bit of the Hongmeng Tree's characteristics.

Of course, Gu Chensha hadn't seen the Hongmeng Tree before. He had only sensed the strongest existence in the depths of space and time in the memory fragments of many Monster Race Saints.

But the Hongmeng Tree in these memory fragments could give Gu Chensha a lot of reference. In an instant, it was enough for him to solve the current crisis and improve even further.

"You actually comprehended a bit of the Hongmeng Tree's theory? Your body absorbed all the Golden Cores? "

Xing Qiongshi's eyes were filled with shock, "There really are many talents. A small Dao Realm Transformation 19 person has given me so many surprises." Once the Golden Cores were absorbed, Gu Chensha was left with his pure physical body.

However, this could no longer be called a physical body. It was even more tyrannical than the most powerful magic treasure. Moreover, his fists and legs carried a destructive power that could sweep away all obstacles. It faintly gave off the feeling of absorbing and creating everything.

The Heavenly Demon Tree was like that now. It could absorb all lifeforce and create many magical treasures and even living beings.