Chapter 85
==========

His flying speed was also quite fast. Every time he flapped his wings, the airflow would rise. He could easily imitate the Roc. The feeling of flying was very relaxing, and he could see the vast forest.

"This Great Dragon Armor is really a treasure. I didn't waste so much Heavenly Dew to evolve it. It's a pity that it's just an external object, and it doesn't benefit my cultivation."

Although Gu Chensha was intoxicated by the Great Dragon Armor's abilities, he was also constantly on guard against being bewitched by external objects.

He flew into the air and observed the terrain of the mountains, rivers, and forests more clearly. He saw that the surrounding mountains were chaotic, and the airflow was stagnant or dissipated. There was no order at all. This kind of terrain was called "Barren Mountains and Unruly Rivers." If people lived in this area, there would be generations of stupid and uncouth people.

"The mountains have the Mountain Qi, the earth has the Earth Will, and the water has the Water Spirit. The combination of all things is really amazing."

Under Yi Ming's guidance and his own hard work, he had learned a lot. However, he had never stood in the air and looked down at the mountains and rivers like this.

Now that he was hovering in the air, he saw the mountains within a radius of several hundred miles. He calculated in his mind and felt the Spirit Waves, and he had a deeper understanding of the Dao of Feng Shui and the Dao of the Unity of Heaven and Earth.

In his mind, he could almost see the Spirit Qi tumbling in the vast void. It could descend and enter his body at any time as he breathed. He touched the edge of the Dao Realm again.

However, he still couldn't break through. He lacked the true meaning of success when the time was right.

Feeling that he had cultivated enough, he slowly descended and entered the Spirit Gathering Formation again. At this time, he saw that the Three Incenses hadn't rested, but were discussing in low voices.

"What are you talking about?"

Gu Chensha walked over and wanted to chat with the Three Incenses. They were Lou Baiyue's people. Although they said they were assisting him, they were actually gathering information and monitoring him. However, they could spy on Lou Baiyue's background.

Through these days of observation, he realized that the three of them were extremely strong. They weren't even weaker than him, and they could break through to the Dao Realm at any time. The key was that the three of them were cultivating in harmony with each other, somewhat similar to the Five Seasons Swordsmanship. The three of them were also one in a million.

Si Xiang stood up and bowed. "Your Highness, we are discussing how to fight, contact the Princess, and help each other." "Oh?

Did you manage to contact the princess? "Gu Chensha hurriedly asked. Lou Baiyue's information was crucial.

"Yes," Si Xiang said. "The Princess has led troops to conquer a barbarian tribe of tens of thousands of people.

Right now, they are reducing the people of that tribe to slaves and domesticating them. They are building cities on the spot and advancing step by step. " "Conquer the tribe and push forward?"

Gu Chensha was slightly shocked. "The barbarians are the hardest to tame. Even if they are reduced to slaves, they will still rebel. This is a lesson that has been taught since ancient times. Is Countess Yuefu not afraid of rebellion?"

The war between the demons and the barbarians had lasted for tens of thousands of years. Throughout the dynasties, whenever the barbarians invaded, they would either capture humans, kill them on the spot and sacrifice them to the Evil God, or bring them back to be kept in captivity and then killed them as sacrifices. In short, in the eyes of the demons and barbarians, humans were no different from prey.

The barbarians and humans had been at war for tens of thousands of years. The barbarians had captured humans, killed them, and sacrificed them to evil gods. They had brought them back to be killed and sacrificed. In the eyes of the barbarians and monsters, humans were no different from prey.

Later on, even some great scholars felt that the blood of the barbarians was still filled with bestial evil energy, and they were different from humans. At birth, humans were good, but the barbarians were evil. Now, Lou Baiyue was trying to tame the barbarians. Even as slaves, it was dangerous.

"The Princess is testing the Emperor's secret technique."

Si Xiang said, "The Emperor deduced the secret technique to tame the barbarians and passed it to the Princess to see if it works. If the evil gods and bestial nature in the blood of the barbarians can be removed, and they can become human again, it will be a great merit.

Our Great Yong Empire can conquer the wilderness that no one has been able to conquer for tens of thousands of years. "

"But the barbarians have a blood feud with us for tens of thousands of years. Even if they are tamed and surrendered, the common people will not allow it. There will be great resistance."

Gu Chensha knew that most of the common people hated the barbarians to the bone. They wanted to eat their flesh and blood. The hatred was so deep that it could not be dissolved. Even he felt that the barbarians were abominable. This knowledge came from the books, and he had seen the chaos of the three counties. The barbarians burned and killed, and the villages were turned into ashes. The old, children, and women were beheaded, skinned, and sacrificed on the altar.

"The Emperor said that this is a matter of thousands of generations. First, the barbarians will be reduced to slaves. They will build cities and houses for us. After the construction is finished, we will start to settle accounts and let them report each other. Within three generations, the barbarians will have a blood feud with us, and they will be judged. If the three generations are innocent, they can continue to be slaves and are allowed to have children. Then the next five generations will continue to be slaves. If the five generations are loyal and have no misdeeds, they can become untouchables.

After another five generations, if they have no misdeeds and have made contributions, they can become common people. "Si Xiang revealed the plan that Lou Baiyue was going to carry out.

"This is really a matter of thousands of years. Taming them generation by generation can remove their bestial nature."

Gu Chensha thought about it. This was a huge matter 10 generations later, so there was no rush, "Also, how are the other princes progressing? I am not well-informed, but all of you have secret channels to exchange news. "

"Your Highness, all the princes have gained something. Among them, the seventh prince has gained the most. He has already broken through a large barbarian tribe with a population of three hundred thousand. He has captured ten barbarian marshals and an oracle. He has also wounded the Barbarian King Wu La and forced him to escape.

All the barbarians were reduced to slaves and they started to build houses and cities. At the same time, the seventh prince gave orders to call for experts to settle down. Those who were strong were given slaves, houses, and riches. Large amounts of people from the martial world and nobles are all heading over. Their power is getting bigger and bigger. "Xue Xiang wanted to pressure Gu Chensha and told him about this matter.

"Seventh has cultivated the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body and his cultivation is 100 times higher than mine. Not to mention, he has the Law Breaking Celestial Sword. Apart from that, he has many treasures and he has the Legalist School behind him. That is the top aristocratic family in thousands of years. They support the Emperor and use laws to rule the world."

Gu Chensha knew that compared to Seventh Prince Gu Fasha, be it cultivation or strength, he was thousands of times weaker. If he had Dao Realm Nine Transformation cultivation, then why would he need to sneak attack? He would have just killed his way over.

"Third Prince has also taken down a tribe and has started to use it as a foundation. He has contacted many aristocratic families and families." Xue Xiang reported, "He has successfully cultivated to Dao Realm Six Transformation and refined energy into Astral Energy. His martial arts have improved and along with the many experts he recruited, he is really strong.

As for the other princes, they have all gained something and all sorts of reports have been sent to the Imperial Court. Only you have nothing on the Imperial Court's merit list.

Apart from that, Fifth, Sixth, Eighth, Ninth, Fourteenth, and Eighteenth Princes have all reported to the Imperial Court that they have stepped into Dao Realm. " "How can one be in a rush to do something huge?"

Gu Chensha's heart was really calm and he wasn't in a rush at all. Just like how his cultivation was unable to break through to Dao Realm, he wasn't in a rush either. Seeing him like that, Three Incense praised him for being able to control his emotions.

"Master, an expert is getting close to us."

Just at that moment, a mosquito like ripple spread into Gu Chensha's ears. Yi Ming used his Xiantian Astral Energy to shake slightly to create a voice. This was the so-called voice transmission technique.

"Yi Ming, I noticed some decent herbs in the distance. Follow me to gather them." Gu Chensha nodded his head and left. Three Incense frowned but she knew that Gu Chensha had a secret that he didn't want her to know.

He and Yi Ming quickly entered the forest. Originally, Gu Chensha wanted to fly into the sky to take a closer look but Yi Ming stopped him, "Master, you exposed yourself when you flew into the sky, causing the experts from the Barbarian Race to notice us. We can't expose ourselves now. We can see clearly from the sky but we can easily become targets on the ground."

"What expert is it?" Gu Chensha wasn't worried. For Yi Ming to notice him, that person's cultivation was definitely below Yi Ming's.

"It is the Barbarian Race's Shadow Priest. They specialize in assassinating experts in the dark." Yi Ming said, "I am a priest with authority."

"I know about Shadow Priests. They are trained by the Barbarian Race's Evil God Temple to assassinate strong people. They are really strong and really evil."

Gu Chensha said, "Before the Giant Stone Wall was built, many officials were assassinated by them. Each time the Barbarian Race attacked a place, they would send them to assassinate the important officials. They would cause chaos in the center and then there would be a chance."

"They're getting close," Yi Ming said. "But they haven't discovered us yet. Master, should we kill them first?" "Of course."

A cold smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "Every Shadow Priest has a blood debt. I want to see what kind of people are coming to kill me. Leave first. Let me fight them alone." "Master, I'm afraid it's dangerous."

Yi Ming listened attentively. "The Shadow Priest that came this time is not to be underestimated. Master, you killed the four demons and the marshals, and destroyed the temple. The barbarians must have gotten the news. The Shadow Priest that came to assassinate you is definitely above the level of a marshal."

"Don't worry. I have the Great Dragon Armor. It won't be easy to break through my defenses. Fighting experts right now will be very beneficial to my cultivation."

Gu Chensha looked around, but didn't see anything. "Besides, you can hide in the shadows and catch them off guard. When I call you out, make your move. " "Yes, Master!" Yi Ming blurred into motion and disappeared into the depths of the forest.

Gu Chensha wandered around, pretending to pick herbs. It had to be said that there were a lot of herbs in the Wildlands. Just by casually looking around, he managed to find a few very old and precious herbs that would have been worth thousands of gold.

Of course, this was the depths of the forest. Even someone in the first or second transformation of the Dao Realm wouldn't necessarily be able to defend against the poisonous insects and wild beasts. Chi!

Just as he was pretending to pick herbs, a shadow appeared from the depths of the forest. That shadow was a few hundred paces away from him, and it lightly tapped him. A surge of energy that was as sharp as a bolt of lightning shot over.

The speed of the attack was several times faster than an arrow. It moved at will, and no one could react at all. Even Gu Chensha was unable to dodge, and his chest was hit by the force of the attack. BANG!