Chapter 587
===========

"Lou Baiyue!

How dare you slander me, saying that I'm plotting a rebellion? From the beginning to the end, I only said to dissolve the Calming Immortal Department. "

Wu Dangkong's gaze suddenly shifted. "It was the Deity realm experts from the Thunder Extreme Source Clan who used me as a shield to sow discord in the imperial court. Everyone here has seen it. If I'm really plotting a rebellion, why didn't Your Majesty imprison me? Why did you only imprison the Thunder Extreme Source and Thunder Extreme Blood? "

As she spoke, Wu Dangkong kowtowed repeatedly to the golden medallion on the throne. She sobbed and said, "Your Majesty, please understand. Your concubine has always been loyal to the country and the people. If Your Majesty feels that I didn't do well, your concubine is willing to step down. Your Majesty, please reveal the supernatural. If Your Majesty feels that I can still be the Regent, then everything will remain the same. " After she kowtowed a few more times, the golden medallion no longer emitted any light. Only then did Wu Dangkong turn around and say fiercely, "Did all of you see it? Your Majesty has no intention of blaming me. Could it be that you want to abolish me in the imperial court? Are you still my concubine? " None of the concubines said anything.

Indeed, although these concubines had pledged allegiance to the Calming Immortal Department, they still respected the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

Since the Heavenly Talisman Emperor didn't punish Wu Dangkong, there must be a deeper meaning behind this.

"Enough."

At this time, Gu Huansha, who represented the Heavenly Designer Department, stood up. "The purpose of this imperial court meeting is very simple. It's not for internal strife, but to strengthen unity and win over the hearts of the people. Then, we can fight against the Devil Calamity and strengthen ourselves amidst the calamity. If there's internal strife, the only thing we'll lose is our own strength."

"What does Royal Sister mean? Why don't you tell me?" Gu Chensha wasn't in a hurry. He wanted to see what Gu Huansha's attitude was.

After all, Gu Huansha represented the Immortal Lord. Other than that, the fact that she controlled the Heavenly Designer Institute was also the will of the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor. There were many details that even Gu Chensha couldn't understand. Hence, he exchanged glances with Lou Baiyue and The Fourth before they started to negotiate with Gu Huansha.

This time, he was going to suppress the Ancient Black Sand and Wu Dangkong by force, but he didn't expect that the well-known families in the world would form an alliance so quickly to support Wu Dangkong. This should be the means of the Dharma Saint. Some of the Dharma Saint's methods were far above his, this was for sure.

If the many Saints and True Deity clans of the world joined forces, if they really rebelled, coupled with the Devil Calamity and the Immortal Dao, the world would immediately be thrown into chaos. Not even the Calming Immortal Department would be able to suppress it.

Luckily, the golden token left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor suddenly unleashed its might, sealing the Lightning Origin and Lightning Blood. This instantly dispelled some of the aristocratic clans' thoughts. They no longer dared to act recklessly.

However, the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor didn't purge them further, and no one knew what his intentions were.

As far as Gu Chensha was concerned, all the members of these clans were arrogant and conceited, and they looked down upon the commoners of the world. They were simply existences that were like tumors to the entire world, and it was best to eliminate them so that the meridians of the world would be unobstructed and circulate as one pleased. The world was one person, and one person was also the world. The development of the world was the cultivation of the people. Gu Chensha's current comprehension had already reached a very deep level.

Naturally, the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor's vision was much deeper than his. Or perhaps, he had handed the task of eradicating the aristocratic clans to him instead of doing it himself.

"Right now, the imperial court is in a delicate balance. If we force Wu Dangkong out of the imperial court, she would cause chaos among the common people. Many aristocratic clans might even support her in rebellion. That would be difficult to deal with." Gu Chensha pondered.

"Royal Brother, after your Calmness Immortal Division has passed this tribulation, it seems that as long as there's a great opportunity, the Common People's Wish Sphere will be able to evolve into a medium-level world. At that time, it would be like a spring breeze, awing the common people and the bureaucracy. Wouldn't that be better than cleansing the imperial court?" Gu Huan Sha asked.

"Our Calmness Immortal Division is only dissolving the Sun and Moon Division, the Hongyun Games, the National Fortune Party, and the Human Dragon Association." Lou Baiyue spoke. "Does the Heavenly Designer Institute feel that this is inappropriate?"

"Our Heavenly Designer Institute approves of this matter. The Sun and Moon Division is indeed unnecessary. It's an organization that eliminates all dissidents. To think that it's called the Sun and Moon Division. What a joke."

Gu Huansha agreed. "Everyone in the Sun and Moon Division is a traitorous, vicious, and wicked person. For example, that Thunder Polarity Essence is a guest elder of the Sun and Moon Division. Isn't that a joke?

His Majesty personally suppressed him, forcing him to kneel at the entrance of the Sun and Moon Division for all eternity. Concubine Ming, what do you say? "

"Fine …" Wu Dangkong trembled with anger, but she quickly calmed down. The Sun and Moon Division was established by her to eliminate dissidents. She was prepared to destroy the Calmness Immortal Division and then carry out a great purge of all the officials in the world. She could even throw the aristocratic families into chaos.

First, she allowed the experts of the aristocratic families to become guest elders. Then, she naturally had a way to make them betray the aristocratic families. She could use the position of a True God as a lure. But now, the situation was completely out of her control.

Once the Sun and Moon Division was disbanded, she would lose her claws and teeth. She would have no one she could use. She would truly be a puppet.

And that was not all. The Calmness Immortal Division also wanted to disband the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce, the Hongyun Games, and the National Fortune Party. This was the same as forcing her, Gu Xuansha, and Gu Tanjian into a dead end. But now, the three of them seemed to have lost the ability to retaliate.

Now that the Heavenly Talisman Great Thearch had revealed his prowess, the Mighty Miracle God behind Gu Shengjian definitely wouldn't come out. With his strength alone, he was still too inexperienced to deal with the Tranquil Immortal Department. The three Holy Masters behind the Crown Prince Gu Xuansha would not come out.

Faced with the coercion of the Tranquil Immortal Department, it seemed like they could only allow themselves to be slaughtered.

"I am willing to disband the National Fate Party."

At this time, Gu Tanjian walked out, seemingly admitting defeat, "Originally, I established the National Fortune Party for the sake of the destiny of the country. However, since the Celestial Pacification Department feels that my National Fortune Party is bringing disaster to the country and its people, then I have nothing to say. I will not refute it, and will disband it immediately." "Very well." Gu Chensha did not stand on ceremony. "Where is the Iron Blood Marquis?" "Your subordinate is here."

The Iron Blood Marquis stood up. At this moment, he no longer had any doubts about the Calming Immortal Department. This was because from the feedback from the imperial court, the Emperor supported the Calming Immortal Department.

"The Iron-Blood Guard will immediately arrest all the core members of the National Fate Society, the Hongyun Games, and the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce. Detain them all. I will have the disciples of the Calming Immortal Department assist in this matter.

We will get rid of these black sheep, "Gu Chensha suddenly said." Those who have committed the most heinous crimes and embezzled the national treasury must be strictly investigated and punished. We will hold a public hearing to announce their crimes to the world. We will investigate each and every one of them and kill them one by one. "

When he said these words in the imperial court, his killing intent soared. He did not give any face to Wu Dangkong, Gu Tanjian, or the Ancient Mystic Sand.

"Iron Blood Marquis, how dare you!"

Wu Dangkong's voice was sharp. "Gu Tanjian introduced the National Fortune Party himself, but that is his business. It has nothing to do with me. My Clearsky Chamber of Commerce has been operating the national treasury for many years and has made many contributions. If I did not use the savings in the national treasury to do business, the national treasury would not have been able to last until now."

"Your Highness, are you criticizing the Emperor? Are you implying that the Emperor has handed over an empty national treasury to you?

I remember that before the Emperor went into seclusion, the national treasury was extremely large. Who knows how much it has shrunk now? Minister of Revenue? Tell me about the situation. "The Fourth, Gu Huasha, said.

The Minister of Revenue was an old man who was around 80 years old. He had sharp eyes and ears and was extremely fit. He was actually at the Dao Realm Ten Transformations, able to do 1,000 things at once.

The Minister of Revenue had an important position and was the gatekeeper of the national treasury. He was much more important than the Governor.

This Minister of Revenue was called Qian Hao and he was from Qian State's Qian Family. The Qian Family wasn't a Saint or True God family, but they had a God Realm expert. Moreover, Treasure Gathering Marquis was also from the Qian Family.

The current Qian Family Head, Qian Sidao, was a God Realm expert. However, he focused on business and money. He had once helped Heaven Talisman Emperor build banks and banks. Heaven Talisman Emperor admired many of his economic theories. The Qian Family didn't participate in the battles of the imperial court and they were kind and generous. Treasure Gathering Marquis didn't control the national treasury but the royal family treasury.

This inner treasury was firmly in the hands of the Jubao Marquis. Even Wu Dang Kong couldn't get his hands on it. There were many good things inside the inner treasury.

Wu Dangkong had always wanted to control it but unfortunately, the Qian Family wasn't easy to deal with. Moreover, she wasn't the only concubine in the harem. There were many other concubines and concubines. If he touched the treasury, it would be the same as touching their private stash. Wu Dangkong didn't have the ability to do so.

Qian Hao said, "Fourth Prince, it is true that the Ministry of Revenue controls the national treasury but during these few years, Concubine Ming has been managing it.

I have an account book here that contains the records of Heavenly Talisman for the past twenty-seven years. Every year, the national treasury's accounts decrease by a lot. Large amounts of medicinal pills, gold, jewelry, materials, minerals, and all sorts of other wealth are transferred to the Clearsky Merchant Guild. They say that it's for them to operate, and that they can't just let the national treasury's wealth sit idle. They need money to make more money. But the Clearsky Merchant Guild's accounts show that they suffer losses every year. I really don't understand. I have always wanted to find a chance to ask Concubine Ming why. " "Hmph!"

Wu Dang Kong refused to admit his mistake, "Qian Hao, you dare to question my decision and openly challenge me in the imperial court today? Do you still want to be the Minister of Revenue? "

"Please tell me, Concubine Ming, why does Mingkong Merchant Association suffer losses every year and cause the treasury to suffer losses as well?"

Qian Hao was unmoved. "This old subject has been managing the treasury for His Majesty since before the Emperor seized the world. There is no other way to explain it other than to line one's own pockets." "Is that so? It seems that you are colluding with the Calming Immortal Bureau to harm this concubine? "

Wu Dangkong always had an excuse. "Why does Mingkong Merchant Association suffer losses every year? It's very simple. It's all because the Calming Immortal Bureau is suppressing our merchant association and plotting against us. In reality, it's the Calming Immortal Bureau that's embezzling the treasury. Even if this lawsuit goes to His Majesty, I will say the same. "