Chapter 971
===========

The Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique wrapped Gu Daoxian up within.

Gu Daoxian felt as if his cultivation base and will were being compressed, as if they were about to be sealed.

"Gu Chensha, what are you trying to do?

Could it be that you want to seal my true spirit, so that I can be reincarnated, so that I can obtain new memories, and develop new feelings and thoughts? When I wake up one day, my new thoughts will clash with my old thoughts, and they will dissolve each other. Then, step by step, my spirit will be subdued? "Gu Daoxian felt more and more terrified.

"Not bad. You seem to understand this very well."

Gu Chensha nodded in praise. "Your spirit has already been invaded by a terrifying will. Even if I try to enlighten you, it will be of no use.

"Therefore, you can only defeat yourself. I will seal your current thoughts and will, and you will be reincarnated. You will experience all sorts of trials and tribulations, and you will understand the benefits of my Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique. Naturally, you will be able to resist that terrifying will. That will be your new personality. If the first time doesn't work, then you will be reincarnated a second time, a third time, a thousand times.

Every time a new personality is born, it will fight against that terrifying will, and one day, it will be able to penetrate through it. It will be able to walk the Dragonless Dao and reach the realm of freedom. I'm saving you, not killing you. You have to know this. I don't kill people, I only save people. Of course, sometimes in your eyes, saving people is killing people. That's just because you can't understand it. "

"Gu Chensha, don't even think about using such methods to strengthen my will." Gu Daoxian's heart was filled with terror. Layers of black light shone out from his body, blocking Gu Chensha's suppression and sealing. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha wasn't using his doppelganger, but his main body.

The strength of Gu Chensha's original self far surpassed the imagination of the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Daoxian. He activated the Dragonless Mental Technique, and gradually suppressed Gu Daoxian into a black dot the size of a sesame seed. This black dot contained the fortune of yin and yang, the impermanence of life and death, the rotation of the great Dao, the sun, the moon, the cosmos, and almost everything that should be there. Some of the subtleties were not inferior to Gu Chensha's Dragonless Mental Technique.

"This terrifying will is quite powerful. Fortunately, it hasn't completely condensed into a physical form. Otherwise, I wouldn't be a match for it. However, I've more or less obtained some information. Once it's completely born, I'll have some means to resist it. At least I won't be completely defeated."

Gu Chensha looked at this sesame-sized black dot that was struggling non-stop. He circulated his Dragonless Heart Sutra and saw something he wanted from it. It was the ninth level of the Undying Realm, the Undying Realm.

Right now, Gu Chensha was also at the eighth level of the Undying Realm, the Undying Realm. However, compared to the Emperor Of Heaven, it was much more profound. He had already taken half a step into the Undying Realm, and was only one step away from completely entering this realm.

But because of this, his horizons were greatly broadened. He knew that the ninth level of the Undying Realm was probably not the limit. The true realm was still to come. There was still a tenth level of the Undying Realm.

However, as for how to name the tenth level of the Undying Realm, even Gu Chensha himself could not figure it out, because no name would be suitable for this thing.

There were no words that could describe this realm. Even the soul could not comprehend the greatness of this realm. No beautiful words or pictures could describe even a billionth of this realm. This was the realm after the Undying Realm.

"Gu Chensha, how dare you seal me?"

Suddenly, an extremely sharp voice and a powerful aura exploded from the black dot. This voice was not Gu Daoxian's, but someone else's. This voice was naturally that terrifying thing's will.

"You've finally appeared. I've been waiting for you for a long time."

Gu Chensha continued to seal it. "But you haven't been able to completely emerge. Right now, you don't even have a physical body. You're just a strand of will. You can only rely on your instincts to invade the bodies of some powerful beings and use them to do certain things.

"Gu Chensha, even if you destroy this strand of will of mine, many more of my will will come out. But this strand of will of mine isn't something you can destroy."

The terrifying will's voice became even sharper. "If you let go of this strand of will of mine, I can let you enjoy the throne in the future. But if you insist on going about things the wrong way, when I completely emerge, you will be consigned to eternal damnation. Your fate will be truly miserable, and you will die without a burial."

"Looks like you haven't learned anything about the human world. You're just so threatening. You're really like a child."

Gu Chensha laughed. "You're still some time away from completely emerging. I just need to study this strand of will of yours, and I'll be able to comprehend the fundamental mysteries. When that time comes, as soon as you emerge, I'll seal you so that you can't cause trouble. " "Explode!"

This terrifying will didn't seem to want to say anything more to Gu Chensha. It let out a sound of destruction, as if it was going to explode and completely destroy this strand of will. It didn't want to let Gu Chensha continue to study it.

"How could it be so easy." Gu Chensha was very confident at this moment.

His Dragonless Heart Sutra showed its might again. Wave after wave of waves surged out, completely suppressing this explosion. However, at this moment, something strange happened. Hum …

Within the Eternal World, the Dragonless Qi trembled. A ray of light shot into the sky, then quickly expanded. In an instant, it disrupted Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra's suppression.

"Hahahaha …" The terrifying will exploded again. "Gu Chensha, there's a flaw in your Dragonless Heart Sutra. This is my chance. I can take over your body." "What a guy."

Faced with this change, Gu Chensha didn't feel moved or evolved at all. It was as if he had sensed it long ago. His body disappeared. "Undying Change." The Dragonless Heart Sutra's aura instantly became transparent. This terrifying will instantly missed its target.

However, the Dragonless Heart Sutra once again appeared in reality, enveloping him in layers and causing this terrifying will to be unable to cause trouble. In the end, Gu Daoxian and this terrifying will once again turned into a sesame-sized black dot. Whoosh!

Just as Gu Chensha completely suppressed Gu Daoxian and this terrifying will, another person appeared in front of him. It was The Fourth, Gu Huasha.

"The Fourth, did you just comprehend the core of the Dragonless Heart Sutra and finally obtain great freedom in your heart, causing the Dragonless Qi in the Eternal World to fluctuate and change?" Gu Chensha looked at The Fourth, Gu Huasha, his expression calm.

"That's right."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, said, "I've finally comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra to perfection. Chensha, you really are an incomparable talent. Only today did I feel the profundities of the Dragonless Heart Sutra. If my guess is correct, your current level and strength are completely comparable to Father at his peak, right?"

"More or less. At his peak, Father was at the eighth level of Undying, the peak of Undying. The Heavenly Dao was the same, so Father chose to fuse with the Heavenly Dao in an attempt to comprehend the ninth level of Undying. However, from the looks of it now, things have changed."

Gu Chensha said, "I did comprehend the Undying, but it gave birth to something terrifying that can't be destroyed."

"That's normal. Every peck and every drink is predetermined. The birth of the Supreme Undying is the result of natural luck's jealousy, which is why a tribulation will be born. Only after this tribulation is over will it truly evolve into the Supreme Undying." Number Four Gu Huasha said.

"Haha, The Fourth, you're wrong. What envy of good fortune? Right now, our strength is already above the good fortune of Heaven and Earth."

Gu Chensha said, "Of course, it's not impossible to destroy this terrifying thing. Now that you've cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, your spirit has obtained great freedom, great freedom.

You can lend me a hand in spreading the Dragonless Heart Sutra to the Human World. The situation in the Human World can't be underestimated. That Hongling Sand has already joined hands with the Emperor Of Heaven. In the long run, our Eternal World will be at a disadvantage. " "Even if you didn't say this, I would still go to the Human World."

The fourth brother, Gu Huasha, said, "Although the human world has stabilized and its fate energy has increased, the celestial heavens already has two masters. One of them, Hongling Sha, is actually not the Empress but the Dao Ancestor. This is different from the Celestial Emperor.

He will definitely plot in the dark, and finally subdue the Emperor Of Heaven. And the Emperor Of Heaven will also not tolerate such a thing happening. The battle between the two will be our best opportunity. " "Alright, The Fourth, you go to the Human World and sow discord between the two." Gu Chensha nodded.

"It just so happens that I've cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and I'm no longer afraid of the invasion of the Human World."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, said, and his body disappeared. He left the Eternal World and entered the Human World.

Gu Chensha looked at the departing back of The Fourth, Gu Huasha, and a contemplative look appeared on his face.

At this time, Lou Baiyue quietly appeared behind Gu Chensha, and said, "The The Fourth comprehended the core secret of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, but is he the true body of the Emperor Of Heaven?

After I successfully cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, I was constantly comprehending and calculating. I felt that out of all the people, The Fourth is the most suspicious. The Fourth is called Gu Huasha, and he is one of the new people conferred by the Emperor Of Heaven. The Lord of the Sun and Moon, Hua Mingsha, the Lord of the Punishment, Hua Miesha, and the Lord of the Demon World, Hua Yao Sha. From this, it can be seen that the Fourth is definitely the true body of the Emperor Of Heaven. He really hid very deeply. "

"These are all guesses. Did the Fourth show any clues?" Gu Chensha didn't care, as if everything was under his control.

"The Fourth's personality doesn't have any loopholes, but when he comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra, it almost caused a loophole in your suppression of the Ancient Dao Immortal and that terrifying will. I'm afraid that wasn't a coincidence," said Lou Baiyue.