Chapter 11
==========

"The Emperor's God Bestowment Art, an ancient secret art. Rumor has it that only those who have obtained the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman can comprehend it. As long as I learn it, I won't have to live such a useless life." "Poof." He blew out the candle but did not sleep. Instead, he continued to read in the dark.

Ever since he sacrificed the bear, wolf, and python souls, his eyes were like lightning. He could see clearly in the dark. He only needed to sleep for two hours to be full of energy. He spent the rest of his time reading and practicing martial arts.

Other princes worked hard to fight for power, but he worked hard to protect his life, so he had to work even harder.

He could read ten lines at a glance, and his memory also improved greatly. Although he didn't have a photographic memory, he wasn't far from it. He flipped through the books one by one, and his efficiency was extremely high. Suddenly, he became spirited because he saw this passage in a history book.

"The Emperor ruled the world and held great power. He controlled life and death, gathering the power of all living beings. With a word, he could move mountains and fill seas.

The ancient Emperor held the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, so it was not strange for him to have such power. However, the current Emperor, without the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, could still command the people. Why? It was because of the rules of etiquette.

Etiquette was deeply rooted in people's hearts. All living beings feared the Emperor's power. The stars held the moon, and thousands of glory gathered in one person. Etiquette could be said to be the ultimate Dao. Because the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman was lost, the human race had no leader and it was inevitable for them to kill each other. Thus, the Saints created etiquette to replace the will of Heaven. Etiquette was the will of Heaven.

Therefore, although the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman was lost, the Emperor's edict still had the Emperor's Qi.

The only flaw was that the ancient Emperor sat on the throne and used the Emperor's Qi to activate the Heaven Bestowment Art. Now, this martial art has become the ultimate … " This was the opinion and discussion of some great scholars in the history books. But after Gu Chensha saw it, it was no less than finding a peerless treasure.

Simply put, the Emperor's edict contained the Emperor's Qi. As long as one obtained the edict and offered it, they could comprehend the Emperor's God Bestowment Art!

Although the Emperor was not the Emperor, he was respected by the people. He commanded the world and held great power. As time passed, the dignity of etiquette was deeply rooted in people's hearts. It would interfere with the Heavenly Dao and naturally, a trace of the Emperor's Qi would be formed.

Naturally, ordinary countries and imperial courts wouldn't have the aura of the Son of Heaven. But for the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty.

Gu Chensha was also a knowledgeable person, he knew that after a few decades, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's achievements would increase and the fate of his empire would grow stronger. At that time, even without the Heavenly Decree, he would be no different from the ancient Heavenly Sons.

If it was an ordinary person, it would be almost impossible to obtain the Emperor's Imperial Decree. However, Gu Chensha was a prince, so it was relatively easy for him to obtain the Imperial Decree.

"The imperial edict … I think I have it here. It's the imperial edict that conferred mother the title of Imperial Noble Consort." Gu Chensha got up and found a small box in the depths of the cabinet. There were some relics in the box, among which was an imperial edict. This was an item left behind by his mother after she committed suicide.

"As the Princess of Xian Chao, my mother received countless treasures as part of her dowry, but after her death, all of them were taken away by the eunuchs under the orders of the concubines and princes. Only these ordinary items were left behind. "Thinking of this, Gu Chensha felt indignant.

There was no point in those people taking away the imperial edict that conferred titles, otherwise, they would also take everything away.

Unfortunately, at that time, Gu Chensha was still young, how would he know how to protect his mother's inheritance?

Over the years, he gradually found out which of the concubines and princes his mother's precious treasures had fallen into, and he would take them back in the future.

Unfolding the imperial edict, a large blood-red seal entered his eyes. It was the Imperial Jade Seal. There were six large words, "The Emperor's Treasure", but it was not the four bird shaped words, "Ordered by the Heavens".

The Emperor's Imperial Jade Seal was particular when using it. The real Imperial Jade Seal could only be used to issue an imperial edict, and to offer sacrifices to the heavens and earth. The other imperial seals had their own uses.

For example, the Emperor's Treasure was used to confer titles to concubines and relatives of the imperial family, so it was called the "Emperor's Treasure".

Although it was not the Imperial Jade Seal, it was still a symbol of imperial power, and it still contained the Emperor's Qi. More importantly, the person who issued this imperial edict was still in power, and the Emperor's Qi had not dissipated. If it was the previous Emperor's imperial edict, it would be useless. The world had changed masters, and the Emperor's Qi had dissipated. Gu Chensha could feel an inexplicable divine power on the imperial seal. This was purely spiritual sensing.

"If that's the case, I will begin the sacrifice."

He took out the imperial edict, and with a click, the imperial edict burned. Then, he cut his finger and dripped blood on it. Weng …

The imperial edict seemed to sense the Emperor's Qi in the imperial edict, and it also emitted a green light that circulated. The air shook, and the imperial edict disappeared without a trace.

However, in the depths of the green light, many light shadows appeared. These light shadows suddenly shot out, and entered Gu Chensha's mind. Instantly, he was stunned. In his mind, many figures were practicing profound martial arts. The profound martial arts merged with his thoughts.

He saw a figure walking on the ground, and the sun and moon appeared in the sky above his head. This figure's body also emitted a brilliant golden light, and the light of the sun and moon reflected each other. Countless thoughts and images came one after another.

Gu Chensha seemed to have obtained a vast cultivation method, and his body involuntarily practiced with the cultivation method. In the depths of his mind, there was a will that sounded like a great bell.

"The Son of Heaven, shine with the sun and moon, live as long as Heaven and Earth, and share the same heart with all living beings. These three give birth to all things, ever-changing …" Suddenly, the will came to an abrupt halt. The green light in the imperial edict also disappeared. The transmission of cultivation method and thoughts was interrupted in the air.

Gu Chensha woke up, and after a long time, he regained his senses. "Unfortunately, the Emperor's Qi on this imperial edict is not strong, and I have only obtained the superficial knowledge of the Emperor's God Investiture Art.

So the Emperor's God Investiture Art has three realms: Shine with the sun and moon, live as long as Heaven and Earth, and share the same heart. I just practiced the first move of the first realm. "

The true Emperor's brilliance was comparable to the light of the sun and moon, and his lifespan was the same as Heaven and Earth.

That was fine, but in the end, share the same heart with all living beings, and become one with all living beings. What kind of realm would that be?

Gu Chensha had just learned one-tenth of the first realm, but he still benefited a lot. As long as he fully comprehended it and practiced hard, he would be able to step into the Dao Realm.

This imperial edict was only an imperial edict for the Imperial Noble Consort, and the Emperor's Qi was not strong. If it was a real imperial edict for ascending to the throne, the Emperor's Qi would probably be ten times stronger.

However, such edicts were hidden in the depths of the forbidden central hall of the palace, and it was impossible to obtain.

"Shh …" Gu Chensha let out a long breath. "Enough, enough. Even if it is just a little bit of martial arts, I am afraid I will not be able to comprehend it without decades of hard work."

Putting away the imperial edict, he sat cross-legged and began to think about what he had just learned.

At this moment, the sky was already slightly bright, but the moon had not yet set in the west. The sun had already begun to rise, and the phenomenon of the sun and the moon appearing together appeared between heaven and earth.

Receiving this feeling, Gu Chensha's body began to tremble slightly, and his pores opened, showing signs of absorbing the essence of the sun and the moon. Of course, this was an illusion, and it was impossible to truly reach this realm.

However, he had already entered a state of meditation where his mind and the sun and the moon traveled together.

This was the art of cultivating the mind, and it was not something that could be achieved by superior martial arts.

The Son of Heaven's Investiture Art was a peerless ancient martial art, and compared to the "Dragon King Force" and "Thunder Slash Force", it was hundreds of times better.

Gu Chensha had only scratched the surface of the first realm, "Sun and Moon Shine Together", and as soon as he stepped into the wondrous realm, he had an epiphany. Crackle!

The pores on his body pulsed, and wisps of white smoke spurted out, like burning smoke. The smoke gradually spread and enveloped his body like a cocoon. Until the sky was bright.

With another sound, the cocoon cracked, and the smoke dissipated. Gu Chensha no longer had the aura of showing off his abilities. Instead, he had returned to his natural state, and his eyes were lifeless. This was another step into a whole new realm.

He had reached the fourth level of the mortal realm, and he had reached great heights, becoming a martial arts grandmaster.

Breaking out of the cocoon and becoming a butterfly in just one night. Such a cultivation technique was truly shocking. No wonder the ancient demonic gods were terrified of it.

"Sun and Moon Refining Mind, the spirit is glorious, and the light is bright. This is too wonderful for words. After cultivating for a while, I feel much clearer. There are no distracting thoughts, only pure sincerity."

Gu Chensha was full of joy. "There are ten forms to Sun and Moon Shine Together. I have already mastered the first form, Sun and Moon Refining. If I want to learn the other nine forms, I will need to sacrifice more imperial edicts. " His body moved slightly, and he wandered around the room, landing on the ground without a sound. Creak!

The little godson pushed the door open and saw that the room was full of shadows. They were as fast as ghosts, and the shadows retracted, forming Gu Chensha again.

"Grandpa, how come your martial arts and movement technique have changed? And your temperament … Have you reached the grandmaster realm?

But without a precious martial art, it is impossible to refine the spirit and reach the grandmaster realm. "The little godson was shocked at first, and then he was overjoyed.

"Not bad, there is always a way out."

Gu Chensha walked out of the room, and he was bathed in the morning light. "My strength has increased by leaps and bounds, and I have stepped into a whole new level. If I continue to train hard, there is hope for me to reach the Dao Realm."

The first form of the Son of Heaven Sealing God Art's first realm, Sun and Moon Refining, was enough for him to refine his spirit and break through to the Dao Realm.

After reaching the grandmaster realm, the most important thing wasn't to train one's strength, because the physical body had reached its limit. If one wanted to improve, they had to switch to cultivating the spirit. Thus, most of the martial arts above the precious grade were spirit cultivation techniques.

The Son of Heaven Sealing God Art had already surpassed all other grades of martial arts. Not to mention that he had already learned one form, it was more than enough for him to step into the Dao Realm.

Sun and Moon Refining was a form of spirit cultivation, movement technique, blood energy, soul wandering, and mind connecting with the sun and moon.

Of course, Gu Chensha had only scratched the surface, and it would take him a long time to familiarize himself with this form. If he met Eighteenth Prince Gu Hongsha now, his Dragon King Energy wouldn't be a match for him.

Precious grade martial arts could help him reach the grandmaster realm, and King grade martial arts could help him reach the Dao Realm. Morning.

"Master, I have already prepared breakfast."

The godson carried out porridge, vegetables, tofu, and also a few yellow pancakes. There was no meat, and it was really simple and pure.

"You eat it, I don't like to eat food recently."

Gu Chensha was speaking the truth. After he sacrificed himself, the power he obtained was enough to nourish his body and maintain his life.

Originally, not eating food was the first transformation of the Dao Realm. With his cultivation, he was far from being able to use his mind to absorb spiritual energy to nourish his body.

Luckily, the Heaven Sacrifice Decree's power was really extraordinary. It was the same as a Dao Realm expert forcefully injecting Heaven Path Power into his body, which was why he was able to achieve such an effect. Because of that, his cultivation was much faster than the other princes.

The godson was delighted, "It seems like I am about to stand out. When the time comes, I will show everyone how proud I am." "Don't be arrogant. There is always someone better out there. Over the years, how many experts have been suppressed by the Imperial Dynasty? Under the power of the Imperial Dynasty, even evil gods and demons have to restrain themselves. "

Gu Chensha's eyes were filled with wisdom, "However, I have a higher chance of staying alive. It won't be easy for anyone to harm me."

"Master …" The godson wanted to say something, but Gu Chensha's gaze turned sharp, "Someone is here." As expected, a few eunuchs appeared at the door.

"Aiya, it is Eunuch Chen. What wind blew you here?" The godson went over to welcome him.

"Nineteenth Prince, I am here to deliver a letter."

The middle-aged eunuch took out a letter and passed it to the godson. He didn't even bow towards Gu Chensha and just left.

"Damn!"

The godson looked at his back view, "This servant doesn't bow to the Prince. If I report this to the Imperial Clan Manor, he will be beheaded!" Gu Chensha shook his head, "What letter?"