Chapter 682
===========

"Amazing, our Calming Xian Department has gained another layer of fate."

The moment Ling Shaofei joined the Calming Xian Department, with a thought, Gu Chensha and Longevity God arrived at the Vast Ocean Desert.

Gu Chensha observed the karmic luck and discovered that the vast karmic luck of the Calming Immortal Department had once again gained a considerable spiritual aura. With a little deduction, he knew what had happened.

Ling Shaofei was someone who possessed the Two Star Profound Meaning of Spirit Flight. Wherever he went, he would be able to obtain fortuitous encounters. For such a person to wholeheartedly pledge allegiance to the Calming Immortal Department, the benefits he would receive would not be any less than a monarch who was contending for hegemony in the mortal world, obtaining an invincible general and peerless advisor. If there were dozens of such talents, the Calming Xian Department would at least double in size.

"Mister Zhuge has roped this person into our Calming Xian Department. In time, this person will also be able to cultivate to the God Realm."

Longevity God felt that his fate seemed to have increased, so he couldn't help but say, "I and the Calming Immortal Si are bound together for good and bad. After Ling Shaofei joined our Calming Immortal Si, the overall fate of the Calming Immortal Si increased, and so did I. My future path has more choices and changes."

"It seems like you are about to break through to the Dao Realm's 34 Transformations and control fate. You can clearly feel your fate increasing. This is not an easy thing to do. "

Gu Chensha nodded inwardly and warned Longevity God, "Our Calming Immortal Division has only been established for a few years, and our forces are very simple. We don't have any obstacles or intertwined forces. This is a great advantage for many ancient forces. Therefore, as long as you work hard to improve your cultivation, your destiny will also increase. At the same time, our Calming Immortal Division will also become more profound because of your destiny. This is the principle of resonance, and also the benefit of joining a large organization." "This subordinate understands."

Longevity God knew what Gu Chensha was going to say, so he quickly bowed and said, "Since this subordinate has joined the Calming Xian Department, I will never form a faction for personal gain and destroy the overall situation and fate."

"It's good that you understand. A country, an organization, and a sect all need to work together, which is the initial stage of all living beings being united." Gu Chensha said, "If the fate of a sect is scattered for no reason, the loss outweighs the gain."

"This subordinate also understands this principle. Besides, after this subordinate joined the Calming Xian Department, I can clearly feel my fate snowballing.

But after joining the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, I don't have this feeling. This shows that I have chosen the right path. " "Very good."

Gu Chensha said, "Next, as long as you seize the great position of the God of Lu in Jing Qiu, you will become the real Zhang Sanquan. It won't be strange for you to quickly cultivate to the peak of the Thirty-six Transformations. At that time, your luck will not be comparable to what you have now." The so-called fate was the right to choose the path of the future.

There were countless paths in the future. When one reached the Dao Realm's 24 Transformations, 'Peek into the Future', he would be able to understand some of the changes in the future and thus avoid calamity.

The Dao Realm's 34 Transformations, 'Controlling Fate', was to directly open up a path that was most suitable for oneself from a path that did not have a future. For example, fate was a long river, and the future was the many tributaries of this long river.

Controlling fate was to open up another tributary from a tributary that did not exist before. It was not just a matter of having the right to choose but not the right to create.

Moreover, when Longevity God joined the Calming Xian Department, his own fate and the Calming Xian Department's fate were connected, so it was normal for his fate to skyrocket.

This was like if a genius struggled alone, his achievement would certainly not be as fast as if he joined a big organization.

A big organization could give this genius more room for development and a lot of resources, allowing him to explode in an instant.

And the instantaneous explosion of the genius would expand the organization itself. Once the organization expanded, it would obtain a lot of resources, which would be fed back to the genius himself. In this way, it would create a virtuous cycle and a snowballing promotion.

Of course, if the forces in that big organization were intertwined, the genius who joined it would be buried and ground down. This was not a good thing.

Longevity God, on the other hand, could be said to have a flood of good fortune as he joined the big organization of Calming Xian Department. It just so happened that this organization was very pure and had no influence, allowing him to fully display his talent without being envied or hindered. In the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, everyone was on guard against him. Wan Senshi even regarded him as an experimental subject, with no future at all. After such a conversation with Gu Chensha, he completely understood.

Gu Chensha did not oppress people with force, nor did he use magic to enlighten them. Instead, he explained a series of facts from the perspective of truth, using the advantages of Calming Xian Department to bind them, and finally made Longevity God wholeheartedly, no longer having the slightest doubt. His way of using people had once again improved to another level.

Just when Longevity God dispelled the last trace of doubt in his heart, Gu Chensha clearly felt that when his fate was connected with Calming Xian Department, it was very pure, without the slightest impurity.

As a result, Gu Chensha had a deeper understanding of the way of governing a country and the way of making all living beings united.

"The way of cultivation is to first control oneself, then control all living beings. It is easy to control oneself, but it is extremely difficult to control all living beings. Therefore, since ancient times, there are very few people who have achieved great things. The human heart is higher than the sky and deeper than the Dao.

After experiencing so many things, I have a little understanding of some methods and principles. This time, being able to subdue Longevity God is not something that can be compared to obtaining one or two primordial treasures for my cultivation. "

Gu Chensha secretly nodded and once again made a large-scale calculation in his mind. "In order to consolidate my foundation, I stopped my cultivation at the twenty-eighth transformation of the Dao Realm, Crushing Vacuum Realm. Now, I can break through at any time.

But I still have to wait for a while. When Longevity God obtains the great position of the God of Fortune and Fortune, only then will the fate of Calming Xian Department truly reach a certain realm. In that medium-sized world, there will be the three fates of fortune, fortune, and longevity. With the illumination of the three lights, the power of the world will definitely be different, and it will produce a kind of essential evolution. "

The great position of the True God of the God of Five Seasons and the great position of the God of Fortune, Fortune, and Longevity had a huge supporting effect on the world. Everyone couldn't lack the three fates of fortune, fortune, and longevity.

If the three True God positions were brought into the medium-sized world of the Calming Xian Department, then all the disciples of the Calming Xian Department would have their fates increased by at least 30%.

"Your Highness, the Holy Sama Empire in the depths of the desert is really well managed."

Longevity God interrupted Gu Chensha's thoughts and pointed into the distance at the giant empire in the desert.

In the center of the desert, far away from the Divine Central Continent, the Holy Sama Empire was more than ten times larger than before.

In the desert, there were many oases connected to one another. There were actually numerous lakes, and the water net started to interweave. Originally, no matter how much water there was in the desert, it couldn't be preserved and would have to seep down. However, the Holy Sama Empire used plant colloid and sand to form large stones that were as hard as granite. They used this material to create all sorts of rivers, lakes, water nets, and cities to store water. With water, everything was easy.

In the desert, Jing Qiu was a True God. Coupled with a group of experts who knew magic, and Jing Fanxing's hourly gate, he could travel to the Wilderness, even the sea, and even very distant places at will. With this hourly gate, the transportation of supplies was not difficult. As a result, the entire Holy Sama Empire was not trapped in the depths of the desert and could not develop. Instead, it grew stronger and stronger.

The huge city, the large population, the abundant water and supplies, and the constantly expanding greenery all gradually improved the vitality of the entire desert.

As a result, Jing Qiu could obtain a huge and unparalleled luck and the blessing of the Heart of Desolation.

Naturally, his cultivation base would rise steadily, and in a very short time, it could rise to a terrifying level.

"No matter how much Jing Qiu manages it, he can't compare to the current you."

Gu Chensha said to Longevity God, "Moreover, in the karma of fate, the position of God of Lu belongs to you. However, Jing Qiu is not a person to be underestimated. You can't let your guard down when fighting against him.

Jing Qiu is one of your opponents. If you defeat him and obtain the position of God of Lu, it will be a huge training for you. " "I know."

Longevity God did not feel any fear. In his view, although Jing Qiu was strong, there was still a huge gap between them. One must know that back then, Jing Qiu was only an undying body of 25 Dao Realm Transformations, while Longevity God had long become a God Realm God and was about to establish a large sect that was as famous as the Primordial Seventy-Two Sects. "Your Highness, I will handle this matter. I will definitely capture Jing Qiu alive and make him my subordinate. This will increase the luck of the Calm Immortal Department.

This subordinate has entered the Calm Immortal Department and hasn't done anything at all, so I will use Jing Qiu as my contribution. "

"Go." Gu Chensha waved his hand. He knew that using Longevity God to deal with Jing Qiu was the best choice.

Jing Qiu was cunning and had gone against Calming Immortal Department many times. He wholeheartedly wanted to rule the imperial court. Even if he failed, he didn't give up. It could be said that he had a firm will. Gu Chensha naturally wouldn't take him in like Longevity God. Instead, he would forcefully enlighten him. If he couldn't be enlightened, then he would suppress and kill him to prevent him from becoming a scourge of the world.

Of course, Jing Qiu was strong and Longevity God wasn't weak either. Longevity God was called the Mini The Great Spirit God, and he was even more cunning than Jing Qiu.

During the battle between Longevity God and Jing Qiu, Gu Chensha didn't show up. Instead, he hid in the back to see if Immortal Master Wan and Dharma Saint would come out to carry out some kind of conspiracy. In this way, he could be the mantis stalking the cicada, unaware of the oriole behind it.

"Jing Fanxing, you actually obtained Wan Senshi's favor once more and obtained that small Space Gate. Not bad!

Unfortunately, you still can't use this treasure properly. Give it to me to create the God State and the Imperial Court. With this treasure, I can build many teleportation gates, allowing the commoners to travel faster. There will be no problems in transporting resources, and the Imperial Court's luck will increase by at least 30%. "Gu Chensha wanted to harvest Jing Fanxing once more.