Chapter 144
===========

"What is this? Beans for Soldiers Technique? "

Gu Chensha looked at those golden-armored men uprooting mountains and trees. They were actually able to toss 5,000-kilogram rocks into the air and use them as pellets. They stabbed their hands into the ground and dug out large amounts of dirt. Although their construction speed wasn't as fast as that of the Great Strength Ghost God, it definitely wasn't something that normal humans could compare to.

"These are the Xuan Gold Puppets that our sect crafted to build branches and change mountains and rivers. They are used as servants to gather Xuan Gold Energy and train for many years."

Luo Wu said, "Usually, the Xuan Gold Energy is turned into beans in the gourd and we feed them with spiritual energy. When we need them, we take them out. But they are weaker than the Great Strength Ghost God. The Great Strength Ghost God can absorb spiritual energy and cultivate on his own. As for these puppets, they are just treasures." "That is indeed the case." {pig} {pig} {island};

Gu Chensha had seen the Great Strength Ghost God build before. They were invisible and formless. The forest split open and a deep hole appeared in the ground. Numerous building materials flew into the sky and in an instant, the building was completed.

These puppets had to be moved by oneself. Although it was 100 times faster than manual labor, it wasn't as miraculous as the Great Strength Ghost God.

"Don't underestimate these puppets. Even I can't craft them myself. I need to reach Dao Realm 14 Transformation and have the soul leave the body before I can use mental energy to craft them." Luo Wu sighed.

Dao Realm 10 Transformation: One Heart, One Thousand Uses, Eleventh Transformation: Soul Snatching, Thirteenth Transformation: Demon Swallowing and Ghost Eating, Fourteenth Transformation: Soul Leaving the Body. Gu Chensha read a lot and understood the various abilities of the 36 Transformations.

If one cultivated to the point where the soul left the body and roamed around, then it would be really indiscernible and one would be a true celestial cultivator.

"Fairy, you should be close, right?" Gu Chensha wanted to find out more secrets.

"To tell you the truth, I've already cultivated to the Thirteen Transformations of Devil Eater and Ghost Eater. I can meditate and absorb the wandering souls of strange creatures to strengthen my own soul. I'm only one step away from condensing my soul into a Nascent Divinity and allowing it to leave my body.

Originally, it should have taken three to five years, but you gave me a Seven Sages Heart Refining Pellet. I transformed the Seven Sages' Daoist Rhyme into my own spirit, and my soul has already transformed. I should be able to reach perfection within these few days. If Fa Wuxian had come a few days later, I might not have been completely suppressed by him.

Luo Wu didn't hide anything, "Our Heaven Dance Mysterious Sect's technique requires the soul to leave the body. Once one crosses it, one's technique will have the ability to enter the soul and the Dao heart. One's strength will increase by 10 times.

"What Realm is that Fa Wuxian?"

Even though Gu Chensha was being bullied by Fa Wuxian and wasn't his opponent at all, he didn't feel discouraged at all. Instead, he absorbed knowledge bit by bit, consolidating his cultivation and striving to advance a step further. This was a habit he had developed since he was young. Even in the depths of a lowly environment, he still held onto hope. He didn't give up and would always strive to advance.

Sometimes, he thought that if he had obtained the Giant Spirit Divine Ring from a young age and all sorts of resources, he might not have developed such a precious quality.

He felt that the quality of character that he had honed since he was young was the most precious thing. It was even more precious than the Heaven Sacrificial Decree.

"I can't see his cultivation level clearly."

Luo Wu said, "In the future, this person will stir up the power of heaven and earth. His martial arts are extremely mysterious, and he has comprehended something new."

"Although I was defeated by him in an instant this time, when I think about it carefully, I also learned a lot." Gu Chensha pondered. "I've seen the heroes of the world."

"You, on the other hand, are extraordinary. You aren't discouraged or disheartened. In fact, I can't even find the slightest bit of dejection in you. You are still calm and at ease, studying diligently." Luo Wu discovered Gu Chensha's strong points.

"I've been bullied since I was young. What kind of humiliation have I not suffered? What's a little loss to me?"

Gu Chensha smiled. "These days, I actually want to learn more martial arts from Fairy. There will be a day when the stones on the ground can also become stars in the sky." "Well said."

Luo Wu looked at the Profound Gold Puppets below and didn't care about it. "These Profound Gold Puppets will automatically split open mountains, open up earth veins, build roads, chop down trees, and build the embryonic form of a palace. However, I still have to buy some precious building materials from His Highness. For example, jade, steel, and so on. " "That's not a problem. I'll provide them all."

Gu Chensha said, "The seventh princess of Precious Jade Nation is now one of my people. Long Yuyun has also opened up a trade route on the sea. She can continuously transport all kinds of jade from Precious Jade Nation here." "Many thanks." Luo Wu didn't stand on ceremony.

The two left the mountain and returned to the castle. Gu Chensha ordered Yi Ming to inform Long Yuyun and Frosty Jade to buy jade and building materials while he studied with Luo Wu.

He wanted to familiarize himself with how the ancient seventy-two sects raised their disciples. He wanted to follow the orthodox training methods of immortal dao disciples and completely stabilize his foundation.

"When an immortal dao disciple enters the sect, they first nourish their body with medicine, unblock their meridians, pierce their acupoints, nurture their dao heart, and eliminate their mortal qi." Luo Wu explained to Gu Chensha one by one, along with the core experts from Prince Chen's residence.

Luo Wu was an orthodox disciple of the immortal dao, and a true direct disciple at that. Naturally, she was well-versed in the sect's training methods.

Gu Chensha learned humbly and absorbed the knowledge. At the same time, he asked her for advice on refining treasures and cultivation methods.

Yi Ming came from the Temple of Mahākāśyapa and was quite knowledgeable. However, he walked the evil path and believed in Evil God Mahākāśyapa. The evil path paid particular attention to sacrifices and didn't pay attention to the enlightenment of wisdom. Everything was given by the evil god, so systematic education was far inferior to the immortal dao.

Because of this, the barbarians had been slash-and-burn cultivation for tens of thousands of years, eating raw meat and drinking blood. They didn't know how to build and only knew how to kill and sacrifice.

At this time, Gu Chensha was enlightened as he listened to the immortal dao's training of disciples. It matched what he read in the books and gave him many insights.

For more than ten days, he studied hard and kept learning from Luo Wu. His diligent attitude surprised Luo Wu. She'd thought that as a prince, Gu Chensha would more or less have some arrogance. She didn't expect him to be so sincere. He didn't put on any airs and didn't hide his ignorance. When he didn't understand something, he asked and pondered. Such a diligent learning spirit was rare even in the immortal dao.

The immortal dao paid particular attention to enlightenment and aptitude. It didn't care about hard work. Moreover, the immortal dao's disciples were all geniuses. Those with superior aptitude could only do odd jobs.

Luo Wu's aptitude was unparalleled. She only knew that she could learn whatever she wanted and didn't need to put in any effort. When she encountered bottlenecks that were hard to break through, she could just circulate her energy and break through. She had never experienced the difficulties of ordinary people.

But when she saw Gu Chensha cultivating, she also felt that there was no bottleneck in the world that couldn't be overcome. A person's spirit could be penetrated by dripping water.

"The ancient sages paid particular attention to the dao of the mortal world. They were different from us immortal dao, but those sages were much stronger than us immortals. Even the gods had to give way to them."

Luo Wu was also pondering. "The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's cultivation was so strong. Could it be that he also comprehended dao in the mortal world?" At this time, she heard Gu Chensha reading loudly.

"Therefore, without accumulating small steps, one can't reach a thousand miles. Without accumulating small streams, one can't form a river. A steed can't take ten steps with a single leap. An old horse can ride ten times without giving up. If you give up, rotten wood won't break. Perseverance can be carved into metal and stone.

Earthworms don't have sharp claws and teeth, but their muscles and bones are strong. They feed on the soil above and drink from the Yellow Springs below. A crab kneels six times and has two pincers. If it isn't a snake's den, it can't be placed.

His heart is impatient. "As she listened, she suddenly had an epiphany. She flew out and arrived beside Gu Chensha." What article is this? " "This is the latest Heavenly Talisman Great Ceremony. It's an article written by Emperor Father.

It's an article that stresses on people regardless of their aptitude. As long as they have the heart, they will be able to learn. "Gu Chensha hurriedly said.

"Earthworms don't have claws and teeth. Their bodies are soft. They can feed on the soil above and drink from the Yellow Springs below. Crabs have sharp claws and teeth. They can't dig holes on their own. "

Luo Wu carefully thought about the content of Gu Chensha's reading. Suddenly, a smile appeared on her face. "I see, I see. The dao is in the mortal world. I understand now."

In between her smiles, Luo Wu's aura returned to normal. She wasn't a high and mighty fairy but a pretty daughter of a small family. Her aura changed and she went from a celestial to a mortal.

But Gu Chensha realized that her aura was really strong and limitless. In the past, every action of hers had celestial energy but after all, it was exposed. Now, it was as deep as the abyss and she was a totally different person.

"Congratulations fairy for comprehending the theory." Gu Chensha knew that she had comprehended something. This was a change in her heart realm and soul.

"I have to thank you for this."

Luo Wu said, "In the future, I will stay in the mortal world. I will be happy for it, angry for it, happy for it, sad for it, and hate for it. At this moment, I feel the magnanimity of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. It is unprecedented." Gu Chensha savored her words and felt the intent within. He comprehended something.

"How is your cultivation recently?" Luo Wu asked.

"I am consolidating my foundations and training in the third transformation. I am slowly using spiritual energy to strengthen my organs and I hope to reach the fourth transformation."

Gu Chensha cultivated the Sun Moon Dragon and wanted to form the Sun Moon Dragon Heart, Sun Moon Dragon Stomach, etc. It wasn't something that could be done in a day. He needed vast amounts of spiritual energy, thousands of times that of normal experts. He also needed to use the light from the Sun Moon Altar to train in it.

"You cultivate a lot of things. There are the Great Spirit God Technique, Maha Hell Suppression Scripture, Chaotic World Demon Book, and also some ancient techniques that are really strong. Maybe they are from the royal family but because of that, different techniques and different intents are mixed up and it is hard to not lose your path.

However, it's worth congratulating you for comprehending your own fist art. It's a pity that you haven't had much time. If you want to master a martial art, you'll need at least a few decades of comprehension. That clumsy fist of yours is only a means of attack. You haven't cultivated the breathing acupoints, astronomy, geography, or time and space meditation. It can't be considered a fist art. "Luo Wu got to the point.

"I know, but unfortunately, it is still too early."

Gu Chensha wasn't in a rush and could only take it slow, "Recently, I have been reading books and asking fairy and slowly formed a system." "That is good."

Luo Wu suddenly raised her head and looked into the sky, "An expert is using the Heaven Eye to look at us. The aura is really evil and overbearing and it has the aura of the Chaotic World Demon Ape."