Chapter 332
===========

"Heaven and Earth change, common people mend the heavens. The heavens are in the hands of man, man can defeat the heavens …" Gu Chensha used the power of the Touch of the Ghost God to absorb the sealed Skeleton Demon Emperor. His body was the main and the treasure was the support.

The Touch of the Ghost God tree was refined by him and its growth was closely linked to him. One could say that it was a part of his body.

Using this tree, he understood many theories and even comprehended some mysteries of the Primordial Chaos Saint Body.

Now, he was one with the tree once more to refine the Skeleton Demon Emperor. If he succeeded, his comprehension and Spiritual Will would rise to a whole new level.

His Xiantian Astral Energy circulated within his body. One of them transformed into the Heaven Mending Astral Energy while the other transformed into the Heaven Reforming Astral Energy. Under the control of his Yuan Spirit, the two astral energies bombarded the skeletal demon emperor in the air.

The Skeleton Demon Emperor gave out a weird laugh and started to swallow Gu Chensha's soul and energy to strengthen himself.

"You actually dare to refine me, what a dumb thing."

The Skeleton Demon Emperor's will was really evil, "You will never know the difference between Spiritual Power and Spiritual Energy."

He changed continuously in Gu Chensha's Energy Ocean Space. He turned into a ball of flame, a ball of water, and then metal, wood, and earth.

The Five Elements shook one another at an extremely quick speed. Not only was Gu Chensha unable to refine him, but he was also able to steal a lot of his essence energy.

"Damn, he is really strong. The difference in one realm is actually so huge?"

Gu Chensha had refined the Skeleton Demon Emperor who was at the 20th Transformation of Dao Realm. The Skeleton Demon Emperor had also cultivated Spiritual Power and was at the Gather and Scatter Impermanence Realm, but he was still able to refine him. Now that the Skeleton Demon Emperor was at the 21st Transformation and had turned into the Five Elements, there was nothing Gu Chensha could do about it. The difference was just one realm.

"King, although it is just one transformation, in truth, there are five stages. This Demon Emperor has cultivated all five and is at the peak of the 21 transformations. He is much stronger than the experts who stepped into the 21 transformations, so we can't let our guard down." Zhuge Ya sent out a mental fluctuation.

"I know. The more you do it, the more challenging it will be," Gu Chensha said excitedly, "Mr. Zhuge, just watch me." As he spoke, Gu Chensha once again activated the gourd hanging in the middle of the tree. In the depths of the gourd was the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger.

"You want to fuse your Nascent Divinity with the greatest weapon of slaughter in the world, the Immortal-Slaying Godslaying Flying Dagger?"

Zhuge Ya immediately understood what he was going to do. "Although this flying dagger was refined by you, if it fuses with the primordial spirit, it will cause irrecoverable damage to the primordial spirit." "It's okay. There can be no construction without destruction."

Gu Chensha laughed out loud. "I used this item once not long ago, and now it has been condensed again. At that time, it was condensed by the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine. Now, it is the Touch of the Ghostly God. The power of this dagger is more than ten times stronger."

As he laughed, a flying dagger flew out of the gourd. This flying dagger had eyes and wings. It was like a living creature. The moment it rushed out of the gourd, Zhuge Ya could feel the power that could kill all gods and immortals and slay the world.

"This is just a fake that grew from the Heavenly Demon Tree, and it already has such power. If it is a real flying dagger, what will it look like?

No wonder even the most ferocious person in the Divine Prefecture was dismembered by this flying dagger. "Zhuge Ya was shocked.

The real Immortal-Slaying God-Slaying Flying Dagger was condensed from the Primordial Chaos Tree. At first, it was in the hands of the Primordial Golden Crow race's Yao Sage. However, even Yao Sage could not activate this dagger. Later, the Golden Crow race's Yao Sage was schemed against by the three Heavenly Venerables, and the gourd was stolen.

The three Heavenly Venerables had only used it once against the most ferocious person in the Divine Prefecture, Xing Qiongshi. They had dismembered him, but because of that, the three Heavenly Venerables had lost a lot of their vitality. In short, this was the most ferocious weapon. Whoosh!

The flying dagger flew out of the gourd and circled three times above Gu Chensha's head. Suddenly, it shot into his ancestral aperture and entered the depths of his sea of consciousness, fusing with his primordial spirit.

"Ah!"

At the instant the flying dagger fused with his primordial spirit, Gu Chensha felt as if he had lost himself in an endless killing intent. He was about to go crazy, to kill everything, to destroy everything. He was an existence born for the sake of killing. He wanted to kill everything, and all things would perish.

However, he used his boundless willpower to protect the last bit of clarity in his primordial spirit consciousness. He fiercely attacked his primordial spirit into the depths of his dantian's sea of qi.

And at this moment, the skeletal Demon Emperor, who was imprisoned in the depths of his dantian's sea of qi, felt the endless killing intent assaulting him. He was shocked and fiercely attacked. Bang! The skeletal Demon Emperor and Gu Chensha's primordial spirit collided.

With just a slight sound, the skeletal Demon Emperor's entire body was slashed apart. He could no longer condense as he let out miserable cries.

"Primordial spirit, physical body, Primordial Sacred Body, refine the flying dagger." Gu Chensha's willpower did not have any emotions at all. It was as if he himself was the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger.

His primordial spirit and astral energy fused, and with the force of the collision of the skeletal Demon Emperor, he began to refine it.

"skeletal Demon Emperor, I have to thank you. If you did not resist the killing intent of this flying dagger, how could I use my primordial spirit to absorb this flying dagger?

At the same time, you were also severely injured. You can die now. "Gu Chensha's entire body squirmed as his astral energy and primordial spirit interacted.

"Impressive."

Zhuge Ya nodded inwardly. "Your Highness actually took the risk to fuse your primordial spirit with this flying dagger. It can be said that you are using someone else to do your dirty work. This time, the skeletal Demon Emperor will probably not be able to escape."

Indeed, the skeletal Demon Emperor's entire body was in a mess. He had been injured extremely deeply by the flying dagger. Although he did not die, his Dharmic powers were beginning to scatter. He no longer had the strength to absorb Gu Chensha's Essence Qi. As Gu Chensha's body squirmed, he gained a deeper understanding of the Primordial Sacred Body.

He actually slowly refined the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger. An extremely sharp willpower appeared in his primordial spirit.

This flying dagger was just saber Qi. After a long time, the gourd would condense another flying dagger. Gu Chensha could devour this saber Qi again and again to temper his primordial spirit. There was no longer any suspense.

After Gu Chensha refined the flying dagger, he slowly used his primordial spirit as a saber to whittle away the skeletal Demon Emperor's Dharmic powers.

After a full three months, the skeletal Demon Emperor had already been mostly refined and was weak. Meanwhile, Gu Chensha's primordial spirit was full and began to split into three. The three primordial spirits were exactly the same as him.

His accumulation could be said to be vigorous. First, he obtained the Grotto-Heaven Ritual and fused the power of time and space into his body. Then, he devoured the skeletal Demon Emperor. Now, he refined the skeletal Demon Emperor.

Of these two Demon Emperors, one was an expert at 20 transformations, while the other was even stronger. It was an overlord of the five elements at 21 transformations.

The Dharmic powers of these two great Demon Emperors were nourishing to Gu Chensha and the Touch of the Ghostly God tree.

Gu Chensha channeled most of his Dharmic powers into the tree, allowing it to grow. Meanwhile, he absorbed the essence and gathered a huge amount of Essence Qi. Finally, he broke through to the 17th transformation. At this point, it was already the 20th year of the Heavenly Talisman. Gu Chensha had risen in the 14th year of the Heavenly Talisman. Six years had passed since then.

"skeletal Demon Emperor, you have nothing to struggle for now. Merge into the Heavenly Demon Tree for the last time."

Gu Chensha's three primordial spirits moved and immediately formed the strongest strangulation force, killing the skeletal Demon Emperor without any suspense. At the same time, he absorbed his memories. Immediately, many demonic cultivation methods flowed into his sea of consciousness.

The three primordial spirits returned to the depths of his sea of consciousness. The Innate Gang Qi in his sea of qi was also extremely full. Gu Chensha's current cultivation had reached a terrifying level.

"In these three months, Your Highness has benefited a lot."

Zhuge Ya saw Gu Chensha's great success. "Just one step away from the 18 transformations Great Dao Golden Core. At that time, Your Highness's life form will change. Once the Golden Core is formed, your lifespan will increase by a thousand years. With Your Highness's current talent, it will be a piece of cake for you to break through this stage." "Mister Zhuge's main body grows even faster." Gu Chensha was satisfied. "I was just opportunistic." "If Your Highness's cultivation was opportunistic, there would be no cultivators in the world."

Zhuge Ya knew that Gu Chensha had actually merged his primordial spirit with the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife. This was an act of suicide. He actually succeeded. This training of willpower was no less than walking through many hells.

Such cultivation was firm and not opportunistic. Instead, it was done with a heart of seeking the Dao without any regrets. It was natural for him to have his current achievements.

Dao Realm 17 Transformations, the peak of Dao Splitting Soul Separating, this was Gu Chensha's current realm. With his combat strength, he could directly challenge the skeletal Demon Emperor.

As for the Touch of God and Ghost, this tree had completely turned into a star tree. It seemed to contain all the stars in the sky within.

In the past three months, Zhuge Ya's Dharma Power Incarnation and Liu Yu and the other four people had been cultivating non-stop, causing many mysteries to appear on the tree. Every leaf was a talisman that contained an extremely strong power. If an ordinary person were to obtain a single leaf of the tree, they would be able to unleash a tremendous power.

The core of the tree, the embryonic form of the 28 Constellations Monster God Star Lord, had started to show its power. Day and night, it forcefully opened up the power of the stars, absorbed energy, and disintegrated it.

However, Gu Chensha didn't waste energy to create pills, armor, weapons, and treasures. Instead, he focused on evolving the tree.

But now, the tree's evolution had slowed down. Even if it absorbed a large portion of the skeletal Demon Emperor's power, it was useless.

The Blood-Sucking Demon Vine evolved into the Seven Colored Demon Vine, the Seven Colored Demon Vine evolved into the Touch of God and Ghost, and finally into the Heavenly Demon Tree. The last evolution was thousands of times harder and longer than the previous ones.

Now, the Heavenly Demon Tree's strength was equivalent to a 20 Transformations expert. However, it couldn't move. Of course, this tree was far from the Common People's Wish Ball.

Gu Chensha had also refined his Maha Black Sun into the tree, allowing the tree to receive a lot of nourishment.

"Right now, this tree is lacking demonic souls. Since that's the case, I'll capture demonic souls in the Lower Devil Region. If I can capture the Skull Ash Devil Emperor, this tree's evolution time will be reduced by another few decades," said Gu Chensha.