Chapter 65
==========

During the battle, Gu Chensha took the opportunity to observe the situation of his army. Although his 243-man army was ferocious, their killing speed was far inferior to Shi Tietie's army. Shi Tietie's army didn't wear the Horned Flood Dragon Armor, but the inferior War Python Armor.

The standard armor of the Great Yongchō army was ordinary armor, refined armor, Spirit Snake Armor, and War Python Armor. Each was further divided into upper, middle, and lower grades.

The most ordinary bailiffs and tax collectors wore ordinary armor, but they were also made of leather and iron. They were sturdy and could block swords.

The refined armor was worn by the constables of the Six Doors Gate. They were used to apprehend bandits and do dangerous things. As for the Spirit Snake Armor, it was for the military officers.

The War Python Armor was only bestowed to generals or true elites who had rendered meritorious service to the enemy. Only warriors with great achievements in battle could be bestowed the armor.

Right now, everyone in Shi Tietie's army was equipped with the War Python Armor. This meant that every warrior had killed at least a hundred barbarians.

As for the various armors worn by the nobles, they were made by themselves and couldn't be mass-produced.

In the past, it was a great crime for the nobles to possess bows and armors. However, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty lifted the ban, allowing the nobles to own weapons as long as they couldn't kill or injure others. Ordinary people could also bring swords and sabers on the streets.

With this, the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor gained the support of countless people. This also showed how confident he was in controlling everything.

If one's cultivation was too high, they wouldn't care about such small matters. No matter how many weapons the nobles had, as long as they dared to rebel, they would be reduced to dust. The value of the War Python Armor was huge. A low-grade armor could be exchanged for a village. However, it still couldn't be compared to the Horned Flood Dragon Armor.

The Horned Flood Dragon Armor was an epoch-making advancement, symbolizing the leap of military equipment.

However, Shi Tietie's army had amazing formations. They formed small formations in threes, and the small formations formed a large formation. The army was as a whole, sometimes forming a needle, piercing through the barbarian army's defensive formation. Other times, it formed a sawtooth fan, rolling forward and reaping lives.

There were also capable people amongst the barbarians. They shouted loudly and organized themselves into a defensive formation. Shieldbearers, spearmen, archers, and cavalrymen stacked on top of each other. However, the moment the formation was set up, Shi Tietie gave the order to disperse the formation. The formation changed back into a fan shape, and the sickle formation reaped the harvest.

After going back and forth a few times, the barbarian soldiers were still unable to form a strong battle formation. They fought on their own, collided with each other, and even trampled on each other. Soon, they were utterly defeated.

On the other hand, Gu Chensha's 243-man army did not have this kind of ability. They still gathered together and relied on their physical strength to kill the enemy. They did not have a clear grasp of the battlefield.

They had also learned the art of war and trained in battle formations. Unfortunately, when it came to using them, it was not the same thing. This was an experience that could only be gained after thousands of battles.

Not to mention the low efficiency, it was also easy to deplete one's stamina. Gradually, the stamina of some of the youths could no longer keep up. If not for the protection of the Horned Wyrm Armor, they might have already lost half of their group.

"Inexperienced."

Gu Chensha shook his head repeatedly. Even if they had the Horned Wyrm Armor, this kind of troop would be completely exhausted if they were surrounded by the barbarian army of tens of thousands. They would be captured and eventually die.

"Yi Ming" did not make a move. Instead, he followed behind Gu Chensha. He was the greatest trump card, and he was only waiting for an expert to appear.

The barbarian army was already in a state of panic. Although they had the numbers, they lacked true experts. This was the best time to train their troops. Roar!

The barbarian army retreated in defeat. At this moment, an ancient halberd suddenly rushed out from the midst of the barbarian army. It swept up a violent gust of wind, and in the blink of an eye, it was right in front of Gu Chensha. Behind the ancient halberd, there was a figure as tall as a demon god. The barbarian marshal actually did not die from the explosion.

Gu Chensha had already expected this. The Demon Subduing Blade was constantly changing, and he forcefully received the halberd. Dang!

The power transmitted from the halberd was tyrannical. It took the form of a spiral, and seeped into his body, destroying his meridians. This hidden force was simply at its peak.

"Sun and Moon Changes, Melt Ice and Snow."

Gu Chensha retreated. The vital energy in his body surged, and with much difficulty, he managed to remove the hidden force. He didn't spit out blood from his injuries. From this, one could see that his martial arts had improved greatly.

While he was retreating, the halberd struck once more. Energy formed a net that spread all around, not giving him any chance to breathe at all.

After all, the barbarian race general was a Dao Realm Transformation Three expert. No matter how strong Gu Chensha was, he was just a Mortal Realm Martial Ancestor, and it was tough for him to block it.

"Yi Ming." Gu Chensha gave the order.

Yi Ming, who was behind him, attacked. He didn't even attack. A few ropes formed from Xiantian energy appeared out of nowhere, wrapping around the halberd and then binding it towards the barbarian race general.

In the blink of an eye, the barbarian race general's body froze up, and he was totally restricted by the Xiantian energy.

If it was the Xiantian energy of Dao Realm Transformation Six, he could only release it and not retract it. The barbarian race general could still dodge it, but the Seven Transformation Energy was a combination of strength and gentleness. It could be retracted and released at will, and it was as quick as lightning. How could he be his match?

One was at the Three Transformation and the other was at the Seven Transformation. The difference was just too huge, so it was only natural that he would be captured in one move.

The barbarian race general hollered in rage and wanted to struggle, but Gu Chensha stabbed his eyes. The blade entered his brain and destroyed his brain, instantly killing him. It was just so simple. Even Copper Skin Iron Bones Realm had a weakness, and the eyes were the obvious weakness.

But this barbarian race general was covered in armor, and his weakness had been removed. But when Yi Ming attacked, the armor on his head was lifted, allowing Gu Chensha to kill him in one strike.

The moment he killed the barbarian race general, the Sun Moon Altar rang out. A large ball of blood and a strong soul floated up. It was much stronger than the four old demons.

Who knew how many sins the barbarian race general had committed and he was the closest to evil gods? Killing him was the same as helping the heavens get rid of the virus. If one sacrificed him, one would obtain huge rewards.

Although there was no good or evil in heaven and earth, there was order. Evil gods were the ones who destroyed order and they were like the virus on the heavens. Helping the heavens to wipe out demons was the same as helping the heavens to cure diseases.

Gu Chensha realized that when he killed tigers and wolves to absorb their strength, it was a bad idea. Killing demons and monsters to obtain Sky Dew was the best plan.

For example, if he used his own blood to kill the barbarian race general, he would probably explode from the other party's strength and not even his corpse would be left. Why not use the grass to light the lamp to obtain large amounts of Sky Dew?

"Master, the Barbarian Marshal's armor is called the Desolate Beast Armor. It has been tempered hundreds and thousands of times, and has also been blessed by the sacrificial rites of the temple for at least sixty years. It has a spiritual nature and is extremely mysterious. It is not below the Hornless Dragon Armor. It is a rare treasure. Also, his Heavenly Halberd is made of Xuan Steel and Scarlet Iron. It has also been blessed by incantations and is priceless." "The barbarian army retreated, they retreated." The soldiers roared.

As expected, with the death of the barbarian race general, the barbarian army completely collapsed and scattered.

"Don't chase." Gu Chensha ordered, "Take inventory of the treasures first."

Half of the county had been destroyed but there were still many places that were intact. There were things left behind by the barbarian soldiers everywhere.

The reason why he did not chase was because he had too few men. The entire mountain was filled with barbarian soldiers and there was no way to chase after them.

The barbarian race not only transported soldiers and horses through the teleportation portal, they also transported large amounts of wealth. If he could obtain the majority of the wealth, he would not be short of money for the construction of his mansion.

"Master, I know where the recently transported items are stored." Yi Ming immediately reported.

"All of you, set up defenses outside the county and prepare to receive the incoming army."

Everyone obeyed Gu Chensha's orders. Shi Tie knew that Gu Chensha was going to search for treasures but he did not care. This was a very normal thing to do. Even if a prince only had a small salary every year, it was barely enough to feed the family and socialize. It was impossible to live without a windfall.

A prince was not like an ordinary person. He had at least a few hundred people in his mansion. There were servants, housekeepers, maids, soldiers and guards. Every move he made required money. If he had to raise his trusted aides, raise his own men, cultivate, make friends with officials, build a mansion and buy a manor, he would have to spend all the gold and silver.

The key was that Shi Tie knew that Gu Chensha was a prince with a poor foundation. He had nothing. To put it bluntly, even a local tyrant from a wealthy place would be richer than him.

"Everyone, do not get close to the center of the county. Defend the outer perimeter and collect the tools left behind by the barbarian soldiers." Shi Tie ordered. The other soldiers nodded in understanding.

Gu Chensha and 'Yi Ming' walked to the center of the destroyed temple. There were huge broken stone walls and pillars everywhere.

"The storage room is here." Yi Ming pointed beneath the ruins.

This place was buried by large stones. Even if there were thousands of people, they would need a few days and nights to clear it out. But Yi Ming used his Xiantian Earth Energy and it was like many invisible hands. He cleared it out in an hour.

"The first six transformations of Dao Realm are purely about destruction. Only at the seventh transformation, the Xiantian Earth Energy has many changes. Using it to build, one person can do more than 1,000." Only now did Gu Chensha know how strong the seven transformations were.

The underground storage room appeared. It was really deep and there were many pearls embedded within. One could see many giant boxes.

"The storage room Master obtained last time was just a temporary transfer station. The real storage room is underground. If I didn't know how to open it, no one would know.

Many of the resources here were obtained by Great Wei Dynasty from trading with us. "Yi Ming knew everything.

"Okay, monitor the area and don't let anyone get close."

Gu Chensha jumped down and noticed that it was a giant storage room. There were three to five times more resources than the rewards. He didn't open the boxes and just sent them into the Sun Moon Altar.

The altar space was able to store these things. After the last sacrifice, although it didn't turn into the true Sun Moon Altar and was still in its embryonic form, the space was much bigger.

Once the thousands of boxes were placed into the altar space, Gu Chensha entered once more and lit up the grass to sacrifice.

This time he killed many barbarian soldiers, generals, and generals. They were all blood balls and souls. All of them were sacrificed and the dew fell like rain.