Chapter 845
===========

"My own power hasn't awakened? That is my identity? Are there any new changes? "Even if the Primordial Mystical Sand was a fool, it would understand.

"Think about it. Gu Taxian suddenly promoted Wu Dangkong to Regent, and the decree fell into her hands. Now I know her identity. She is actually the future Emperor Of Heaven's Bright Concubine. She has a high position and power.

And you are the Crown Prince. I am still calculating what kind of role you will play in the future Heavenly Court. Or rather, you will be another overlord. "

Lord of the Sun Moon Gu Tiansha smiled. "I want you to awaken your source and fight against the Calming Fairy Department." "Understood."

Gu Xuansha still had many doubts on his face. "I have a question. Gu Chensha is powerful and has almost all the advantages. He shouldn't be an ordinary person. What kind of reincarnation is he?" "I am also calculating this."

Gu Tiansha said, "Gu Chensha is indeed a unique person. He is definitely not the Emperor Of Heaven, but if he continues to develop, he will definitely become a Celestial Lord. At that time, it is not impossible for him to fight against the Emperor Of Heaven.

If he also becomes a Celestial Lord, I will definitely not be his match. I admit this, but I can definitely suppress him now.

Most importantly, he absorbed one-tenth of my source. If I didn't absorb it, I would have an advantage over him, but now I am a bit weaker. But if I devour the Emperor Of Heaven, he will definitely not be my match. " "My Lord will definitely be invincible."

Gu Xuansha lowered his head and was thinking about what to do. Right now, he was forced into a desperate situation. He had to fight Gu Chensha and the Calming Fairy Department to the end. He knew that once he took this step, there was no turning back.

Right now, he was the Crown Prince. As long as he kept a low profile, he could enjoy wealth and cultivate in peace. But if he worked with Gu Tiansha to kill the General, the Calming Fairy Department would definitely retaliate. At that time, whether or not he could survive the counterattack was unknown. He did not believe that Gu Tiansha would risk his life to protect him.

But if he were to refuse now, then he would probably immediately suffer Gu Tiansha's vicious attacks. Choosing the lesser of two evils, he could only go against the Calm Celestial Department.

"Very good. I've taught these ten Empyreans a set of formations. When they join forces, their power is extremely great. What I need to do now is to refine their ten Greater Thousand Worlds, shrink them, and bring them to the Heaven Realm to refine an invincible magic treasure." Lord of the Sun Moon Gu Tiansha said, "I hope to see your results after this matter is completed."

Although Gu Tiansha had become a Empyrean, he knew that if he were to fight to the death with Gu Chensha, he would still have many things to worry about. If he relied on his own strength, he was confident that he could suppress Gu Chensha. But now, Gu Chensha had the Divine Land Gourd, which contained 20 peerless treasures. In addition to the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd and other treasures, it was unknown who would emerge victorious. Therefore, Gu Tiansha wanted to refine a supreme treasure that could restrain the Divine Land Gourd, allowing him to easily kill Gu Chensha and refine him.

"Your subordinate will definitely complete the task and not fail you." Crown Prince Gu Tiansha said loudly.

"That would be for the best."

Lord of the Sun-Moon, Gu Tiansha, flickered into motion, and then vanished from the imperial palace. However, as soon as he left, he looked into the depths of the harem, and could sense a strange aura. He was prepared to investigate further, but then decided against it. He didn't want to cause any unnecessary complications at the moment.

In the depths of the harem, many concubines of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor were under the guidance of Peacock, forming the Heavenly Mother Formation. The Heavenly Mother Formation slowly showed its strength.

The dozens of concubines in the harem, along with the peacock, kept channeling their power into the formation. Every concubine's cultivation base was improving by leaps and bounds, almost at a tremendous pace. Especially in the deepest part of the formation, a Heavenly Mother was gradually born. The Heavenly Mother was something similar to the General of All Life, the King of All Life, but the aura on her body was really like that of the Mother of Heavenly Dao. There was a strange substance wriggling within it. Sou

All of a sudden, the peacock stopped and spoke to the concubines, "Ladies and gentlemen, the Heavenly Mother has condensed into a physical form, but it's a pity that it's still missing something crucial. If the Heavenly Mother manifests, with this formation, even if we can't suppress the world, we can still protect ourselves. No matter what kind of attacks we face, with the protection of the Heavenly Mother, we can rest easy." "What other substances are we lacking?

I have already cultivated to the 31st Transformation of the Dao Realm, the Void Creation Realm. I can use Chaotic Essence Energy to enter my own world and give birth to all sorts of treasures and even herbs. But it is useless against the Heavenly Mother. "Concubine Shuang said.

"Of course. The substances that are extracted from chaos are below the Heavenly Dao, so even if we extract chaos to the extreme, it will just be a Xiantian treasure in the world.

It is impossible to form the Heavenly Mother. The substance that the Heavenly Mother needs is extracted from the hearts of people. Moreover, it has to be extracted from the worship power of the people of the God Prefecture. That is the true undying substance and something that even the Heavenly Dao fears. "Peacock exclaimed.

"Humans are the spirits of all living beings and the people of the God Prefecture are the spirits of all spirits."

Dharma Empress said, "We need the worship in people's hearts to extract the essence of the Mother of Heaven and Earth and merge it. Doesn't that mean that we have to work with the Calming Celestial Department? Now, they have full control of the worship power. "

"That's only natural. However, we have to send someone over to negotiate in hopes of obtaining the immense power of the Calming Immortal Department's sacrificial offerings. The sacrificial offerings needed to successfully condense the Heavenly Mother are definitely not ordinary. Even if the Calming Immortal Department expends all the sacrificial offerings that they have accumulated over the years, they might not be able to condense it. I'm afraid that the Calming Immortal Department will not agree to this. But we need the power of these sacrifices. Which one of you can convince that Gu Chensha? Gu Chensha is in charge of the Calming Celestial Department. "Peacock said.

"That will be a little difficult."

Concubine Lei had a troubled expression on her face. "The worship power is really useful to the Calming Celestial Department. I don't think that Gu Chensha will work with us. Unless we try to seize power?

Compete with the Calming Celestial Department and snatch the worship power from all over the world. But that is even more difficult. "

"To form the most crucial core of the Heavenly Mother Formation, we need the worship power of all over the world. Without a doubt, if we don't form it, what we have done before will be useless."

Peacock said, "Our secret technique is how to extract the Mother of Heaven and Earth from people's hearts. This is something that Gu Chensha can't comprehend, but was taught to us by His Majesty. I believe that Gu Chensha will be very interested in this. If he can obtain the method to extract the Mother of Heaven and Earth, his cultivation will go up another level. Actually, the Calming Celestial Department is currently in a treasure mountain. We can't obtain any treasures, but the worship of the God Prefecture is a treasure. The worship power of the people in the world is so strong. If we can obtain the best refinement, the strength of the Calming Celestial Department will increase by a hundred times." "Are we going to use the core secret of the Heavenly Mother Formation to trade with Gu Chensha?"

Concubine Shuang, Ning Qingshuang, frowned. "Actually, we are not very clear about how to extract the worship power, because we are not strong enough. Peacock, only you have cultivated to the Celestial Lord Realm.

Moreover, if Gu Chensha obtains the method to extract the Mother of Heaven and Earth, his strength will increase by leaps and bounds. We will not be able to compete with him at all, and the struggle for the imperial court will be in a losing process. " "That's right!" At that moment, a voice traveled into the harem.

Hearing this voice, Ning Qingshuang's body trembled violently. She looked towards the door. At this moment, a person had appeared at the door. It was a young man who gave off the feeling of being high and mighty like the mountains and seas. Moreover, above his head seemed to be the weight of a Great Thousand World, and he seemed to have the deepest connection with the Endless World.

"Xuan Xin!"

Concubine Shuang and Ning Qingshuang saw the person clearly. It was Xuan Xin, who had been resurrected from the Black Heaven Earth Gate. Xuan Xin was the reincarnation of the Endless Heart. Now, he had become the ruler of the Eastern Wilderness and had obtained the recognition of the Heart of the Eastern Wilderness.

As such, not only was his strength extremely tyrannical, but he had also managed to rope in Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, and the others.

Now, he walked into the harem with his head held high, and there were actually four people following behind him. One of them was Jing Qiu, another was Gu Huo, and the other two were Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian, the reincarnations of the Endless Sword and the Endless Saber. But at this moment, there was an additional aura on Gu Changjian's body.

On Gu Changjian's body, there was a vast universe that was incomparably vast, and there was a wild aura and characteristics in the barbarism. This was the Wildland Heart. Gu Changjian still obtained the recognition of the Wildland Heart, and became the ruler of Wildland. Now, all the rulers of the Four Wilderness had gathered. The ruler of the Eastern Wilderness, Xuan Xin. The ruler of the Wildland, Gu Changjian. The ruler of the Desert, Jing Qiu. The ruler of the Desolate Ocean, Gu Huo.

In the future, the Four Wilderness would be an existence second only to the Heavenly Court. The rulers of the Four Wilderness were the kings of the vassal states, similar to the rulers of the Immortal Realm, the Monster Realm, the Demon Realm, and the God Realm.

At this moment, all the rulers of the Four Wilderness had gathered. Two of them were not only the rulers of the Four Wilderness, but also the reincarnations of the Innocuous Heavenly King and the Calamity Heavenly King. When they activated the Heart of the Four Wilderness, they possessed boundless power.

"Xuan Xin, what are you doing here? This is not a place you should be. "The peacock let out a long cry," Formation! " Instantly, a mysterious formation coalesced and protected the group.

"Is this the Formation of Heavenly Mother? Something that belongs to Gu Taxian? "

Xuan Xin looked at the formation with a disdainful expression, "Gu Taxian gained fame through deceiving the world, and he will definitely turn into ashes in the future.

And you, Ning Qingshuang, you were my fiancée back then, but you were a promiscuous woman who hooked up with Gu Taxian. Tell me, how are we going to settle this debt today? "