Chapter 630
===========

This time, under the unreserved dedication of the Department of Tranquil Immortals, the powerhouses actually extinguished their own schemes and wholeheartedly took out their own comprehensions. This was very rare.

These powerhouses were all wily old foxes. Sitting in their positions, they were no longer hot-blooded youths. Instead, they were extremely scheming and scheming. They were shrewd, as dangerous as the mountains and rivers, and as deep as the seas. They would always hold back in everything to manipulate the changes. But it was precisely because of this that they were unable to truly join hands and work together.

Now that they were comprehending together, they had actually reached the point where the boundless opportunities had been extinguished. They had no selfish motives and were wholeheartedly sharing. Thus, the divine light produced by the powerhouses' deductions was simply able to see through the ages and illuminate the universe. They could deduce everything that was impossible to happen. There was nothing that they couldn't calculate in the Heavenly Cycle.

Think about it. In a country, if the generals and ministers were at odds, the country would weaken. If the generals and ministers worked together, the country would prosper.

And these powerhouses all controlled great sects and sat on profound gates. They could create and destroy with a single thought, and they could summon clouds and rain with a flip of their hands. If they worked together, how much power could they produce? In this instant, they also felt the true greatness of "All Beings Are United".

It turned out that without scheming, when the wisdom of people truly combined together, they could produce such a great power that could topple mountains and seas and change the world.

"With this comprehension, we have somewhat understood the meaning of all beings being united. No wonder the three moves of the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art were: Sun and Moon Shine Together, Heaven and Earth Live Together, and All Beings Are United. No one has ever successfully cultivated the last move. So there are so many shackles. "Wen Hong seemed to have comprehended the most.

"If the Heavenly Dao doesn't distort and change, the Grand Preceptor has the highest chance of coming into contact with the All Beings Are United."

Zhuge Ya smiled and said, "With our intelligence, if we work together, the things that we can comprehend will be close to the calculations of the three Celestial Venerables. Moreover, the three Celestial Venerables can't truly be of one mind. The three of them plot against each other, guard against each other, and work together. This way, they can't unleash the greatest power. "

"That's only natural. Our comprehension this time can be said to have benefited greatly. Although our cultivation levels did not increase, our battle prowess, ability to absorb, ability to create, and ability to condense have all increased greatly."

Tai Xuan said, "If all the Divine Realm experts in our sects can be of one mind, it will probably produce a terrifying power."

"There are about 18 immortal-level powerhouses in Taiyi Fantasy Sect, 12 in Universe Fantasy Sect and 16 in Heavenly Dance Fantasy Sect. If so many immortal-level powerhouses really cooperate with each other, their wisdom would indeed be immeasurable. However, it's impossible. I'm afraid that even if we join hands with other worlds, those immortal-level powerhouses would still oppose us."

Zhuge Ya said, "You should also pay attention to these opponents. It's very likely that they'll be infiltrated by Wan Senshi."

"Wan Senshi indeed wants to unify the Profound Immortal Dao Sect and seize power. The three Empyreans can't do anything to him. They're even backing down. "

Chang Weiyang said, "But this is a good thing. If we join hands and help each other, we'll basically be a hard bone to chew.

Whether it's Wan Senshi, the three Empyreans, or the other existences, they won't dare to attack us. We can wait for an opportunity to divide up the weaker existences. "

"That's right. After we join hands, our original weakness will be completely changed. The Nest of 10,000 Dragons, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, and even the other Profound Immortal Dao Sects will all become weak. We can use our strength to bully the weak, swallow the weak in the great calamity, and strengthen ourselves." Zhuge Ya said, "The Dao of Heaven takes the excess and makes up for the deficiency. The Dao of Man takes the deficiency and makes up for the excess.

That's how it is. The Dao of Heaven focuses on balance, and the Dao of Man focuses on plunder and possession. It's been like this since ancient times. " "Then let's quickly merge!"

Chang Weiyang said, "I think that Dharma Saint is about to refine that True God position. We can't let him succeed!" "That's right. Speed up!" Tai Xuan said.

In the "New God Land" that Wan Senshi had created, Gu Chensha's "Drifting Void Unfettered" was still wandering around. He wanted to observe some of Wan Senshi's secrets from the New God Land.

He had a thorough understanding of the Dao of the God Land. He had obtained the Xing Qiong Clan's Seventy-Two God Land Techniques, and he had personally created a Lesser God Land. But now that he was observing the "New God Land," he realized that he still had a lot to learn.

This "New God Land" was almost exactly the same as the real one. The mountains, rivers, and even the formations that the aristocratic families had created were exactly the same.

In other words, even if the aristocratic families moved to the "New God Land," they would be no different from the old one.

As a result, the aristocratic families had created their own sects in the "New God Land." The only thing that the "New God Land" lacked now was that there were no miraculous encounters. Without that, no matter how much it resembled the God Land, it was not the God Land.

The most amazing thing about the God Land was that when the world changed, countless miraculous encounters came one after another. Anyone could obtain supreme opportunities in the God Land.

If the New God Land that Wan Senshi had created could reach this point, then he himself would be no different from the Heavenly Dao.

"The New God Land that Wan Senshi has created is truly lifelike."

Gu Chensha said, "I'm far from having such magic power. Furthermore, this method isn't even Immortal Master Wan's full cultivation. Logically speaking, I should be able to calculate the limits of any existence. But against this Wan Senshi, there is basically nothing I can do. I can't see how strong he is at all. "

As he pondered, he looked at the golden ornament and Yuhuan Lu who was tied up. He really wanted to save her, but he knew that he couldn't act rashly. Otherwise, the methods that Wan Senshi had set up could be used to trap him.

After all, his strength was really shallow and his realm was really low. Even if he had coincidentally created a medium-sized world, he wouldn't be able to use its full strength.

To a God level master, a dimensional realm was an absolute colossus. Even if a single God level master were to activate a dimensional realm, that would be the same as a little child waving a giant axe to chop down an enemy. No, that would be the same as a little child lifting up a mountain to smash the enemy. How was that possible?

Even if Gu Chensha had the Heavenly Dao Technique, he wasn't even at God Realm. He was just a cultivator with an undying body at the 25 Changes of Dao Realm. He could easily defeat normal experts, but when he faced Wan Senshi, who had existed since the beginning of history, he paled in comparison.

Fortunately, although Wan Senshi had tied up Yuhuan Lu in the golden ornament, the Wanlai Dragon Zither in Yuhuan Lu's body still shone and protected her body.

Unless Wan Senshi separated her from the Wanlai Dragon Zither, he wouldn't be able to harm Yuhuan Lu's main body at all.

Even with Wan Senshi's cultivation, it would be a little problematic to do that. Wan Senshi went out to do something. It was obvious that he had something more important to do and couldn't care about Yuhuan Lu anymore.

Gu Chensha had also guessed the most important matter at hand. They were definitely going to deal with the Warlock Saint.

The Dharma Saint was about to advance to a medium-sized world. Once he succeeded, he would be an absolute giant. Although he didn't have much experience, he had many tricks up his sleeves.

It was nearly impossible to guard against him. Wan Senshi wanted to be the savior of the world and preside over the overall situation, reversing the Heavenly Dao. If the Dharma Saint wanted to do the same, then the two of them would inevitably come into conflict. Since this was the case, Wan Senshi needed to eliminate the Dharma Saint.

Gu Chensha was well aware of this point. From Wan Senshi's perspective, the threat of the Dharma Saint was far greater than the Calm Immortal Administrator.

The Calm Immortal Administrator had only managed to cultivate a medium-sized world. Their strength wasn't too great and it was difficult for them to control it. If they wanted to grow, they would need at least dozens of years or even hundreds of years of cultivation.

But the Dharma Saint was different. He was a supreme powerhouse under the heavens and his cultivation had already reached the boundary of an Empyrean. Although his cultivation was inferior to any one of the three Empyreans, his boundary was nearly the same. He had jumped out of the three realms and wasn't part of the five elements.

This sort of giant also had a medium-sized world, and he had even won over Wu Dangkong who possessed the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. If the two of them joined together, they would be able to pose a threat to Wan Senshi.

Moreover, Wan Senshi feared that the Dharma Saint would stir up a conspiracy and obtain the Heaven Sacrificial Decree at the most critical time. At that time, he feared that he wouldn't be his match.

The Heavenly Dao had undergone great changes. Fortuitous encounters had occurred one after another, subverting all the truths that Lin Ming had previously understood.

In the past, when a person obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Decree and became the Son of Heaven, they would still have to fly away in the end. But now, Gu Chensha knew that it was possible to obtain the Heaven Sacrificial Decree forever and even refine it to become one with the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. At that time, just how powerful would that person be?

If someone really refined the Heaven Sacrificial Decree, then even if it was Wan Senshi, he could still suppress and kill them with a wave of his hand. This was what the Dharma Saint was plotting.

Wu Dangkong's wisdom could not compete with the Dharma Saint at all. If the two of them joined forces, the one who would suffer a loss would definitely be Wu Dangkong. In Gu Chensha's view, Wan Senshi must destroy the Dharma Saint. Even if the Legalism had now joined the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals.

When the Dharma Saint created a medium-sized world and joined forces with Wu Dangkong, he could pick the fruit of Wan Senshi.

At that time, it would be impossible for Wan Senshi to integrate the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals. Gu Chensha had seen through all of this.

"Wan Senshi, the Dharma Saint, and the other powerful existences, the Devil Race!

I'd like to see which of us has the deepest calculation this time! "As he observed the Small Divine Region, a smile gradually appeared on his face.

Last time, the Immortal Tranquility Department's great tribulation did not break and successfully created a medium-sized world. But this time, the Dharma Saint would usher in the real tribulation. In the end, it was still unknown who would have the last laugh.