Chapter 666
===========

Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya, and the others came up with a plan.

They were all very clear. Although the Celestial Calmness Department had enemies on all sides, they had a strong foundation. The most important thing now was to rope in the various powers, like the Xing Qiong Clan and the Celestial Master. They would once again strengthen themselves and increase the number of God level experts they had.

Right now, out of the 16 Saints in the Celestial Calmness Department, only Zhuge Ya had reached the God level.

If all of them reached the God level, then the operation of the medium-sized world wouldn't be like this. In the end, the Celestial Calmness Department still didn't have enough high-end combat strength.

But luckily, Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, Jin Suibo, and the others were all people with great luck. They had many fortuitous encounters and their improvement speed should be faster than Gu Chensha's.

As Gu Chensha cultivated the Heavenly Path Technique, it was too heaven-defying and it was hard for him to improve. But each time he improved, his combat strength would increase by tens or even hundreds of times. Right now, with his cultivation of 27 Transformations, without using any treasures, he could kill anyone below the Saint level in a one-on-one fight.

Given time, it wouldn't be a problem for the Saints of the Celestial Calmness Department to reach the God level. After all, their talent was already pointing towards the Saint level. What the Celestial Calmness Department lacked now was time. His growth rate was just too fast.

"I will head to the Celestial Designer Institute right now."

After everything had been discussed and arranged, Gu Chensha moved. His real body moved, breaking through the layers of space. In the next moment, he appeared outside the territory of the Heavenly Designer Institution in the Wildlands.

His current ability was the Twenty-seven Transformations, which allowed him to tear through space. He had also melted the All-encompassing Shattering Cudgel, and he also had the Bow of Liberation and the Arrows of Permanence and Anicca. These two sets of God Equipment also had the ability to manipulate space.

With his current ability, his ability to travel through space had already surpassed that of a God level expert. Once he reached 27 Transformations, Gu Chensha's various abilities would increase by quite a bit. He was like a fish, swimming and changing in space with ease, as simple as eating and drinking.

At the same time, in a secret base in the depths of the Heavenly Craftsmen Institute, a few people in white robes were holding a syringe. They were injecting a barbarian who was tied up.

This barbarian was chained up by a huge iron chain and could not move at all. His eyes shone with hatred. Gu Huansha, Maha Suisui, and Maha Linfeng were currently observing the experiment.

They watched as the liquid in the syringe was injected into the barbarian's blood vessels. The barbarian's entire body immediately twitched, and then his muscles squirmed. The various particles in his body were activated, and a powerful force burst forth from his body.

This power was not Innate Stellar Energy, nor was it Spiritual Qi. It was purely a change in one's life form after a certain potential in one's body was stimulated. Rumble!

A ferocious smile appeared on the barbarian's face. With a flick of his hands, the chains that bound him were blasted into pieces. After that, he roared and pounced at Gu Huansha.

Gu Huansha nodded, and without any visible movement, the barbarian was wrapped up in a bubble. He struggled within the bubble as if on the verge of suffocation.

"Very good, this medicine seems to have been developed successfully. It has completely broken away from the essence of the immortal cultivation civilization."

Gu Huansha said, "This is the essence of the prehistoric civilization. Activating all the cells in one's body and changing one's genes, rather than relying on self-cultivation and injecting medicine."

"Since this medicine has been successfully developed, then even without Spiritual Qi, we can still create powerful existences." Maha Suisui said, "This isn't the immortal cultivation system at all."

"The prehistoric civilization was a mechanical civilization, while the current civilization is a cultivation civilization.

The two are completely different, but if developed to the highest level, they should be about the same. "

Gu Huansha said, "And for ordinary people, the mechanical civilization is more suitable. The immortal civilization requires comprehension, talent, and comprehension of all sorts of realms. If one can't comprehend them, then it's useless even if they use pills. The mechanical civilization's medicine, regardless of talent, can give you power.

Anyone can do it. Of course, if you want to increase your strength, you'll have to keep injecting. You can't cultivate by yourself. " "This is the lowest grade of medicine, right?"

Maha Linfeng said, "After this barbarian is injected, his strength is equivalent to Dao Realm Transformation Three Copper Skin Iron Bones. His combat strength is really shocking, which means that any normal person, even if they are dumb, would be so strong after injecting this medicine?" "Not bad, that is the case."

Gu Huansha nodded, "This is what is amazing about the mechanical civilization. It researches the secrets of the body and changes it. It doesn't need the heart to work together. But we have only developed level one to level three medicine. This medicine is called Genetic Evolution Medicine in the prehistoric civilization. "

"Level one medicine can allow one to have strength equivalent to Dao Realm Transformation Three Copper Skin Iron Bones?"

Maha Linfeng said, "But if it is a normal person, with only Dao Realm Transformation Three Copper Skin Iron Bones strength and body, they won't be a match for cultivators at the same realm. After all, techniques, martial arts, and rest can't compare at all."

"Of course. If a normal person reached the third transformation, who knows how many difficulties and pain they would have to go through? Even if they had treasures to improve their talents, it wouldn't be easy. This is why one's foundations are really firm and they have rich experience. Naturally, the power from injections can't compare to the power from cultivation, but the strength of one's body, lifespan, and power will be the same and there won't be any changes."

Gu Huansha said, "If a normal person wants to reach Dao Realm Transformation Three Copper Skin Iron Bones, even if they have many resources, they will need 10 years or even decades. Now, they just need to inject one. In terms of time and efficiency, it is much faster. "

"Moreover, in the future, the world will change and spiritual energy will disappear. At that time, people won't be able to cultivate and can only rely on the mechanical civilization to turn things around." Maha Suisui said, "Celestial Lord is probably waiting for such a change." "That's right, such a change will definitely come. This will be the so-called End of the Era.

"When the Heavenly Dao grows old, there will be a major problem. Spiritual energy will gather, and will not disperse. When that happens, living beings will no longer be able to practice cultivation, and many God-Level experts will slowly weaken. Unless one cultivates to the Celestial Realm, even the Embodiment Transformation of the 36 Transformations will require the power of the Heavenly Dao." Gu Huansha said, "At that time, I think the mechanical civilization will shine."

"The mechanical civilization relies on external items while the cultivation civilization relies on one's own heart to control everything."

Maha Suisui said, "It seems like Celestial Lord is planning a huge plan. Such a plan is really huge and has exceeded the changes of an era."

"Of course, our Celestial Craftsman College has such a philosophy. We will lay low and not fight with Calming Celestial Department. We will accumulate strength and one day, when we go all out, the world will be ours."

Gu Huansha moved and a Microscopic World faintly appeared behind her. She had already advanced to the God level.

Her cultivation was at Dao Realm 29 Transformation, Comprehend Chaos. Now that she had reached God Realm, it was only natural. Moreover, she seemed to have had many fortuitous encounters.

"Good thing, good thing. I didn't expect Celestial Craftsman College to have such a good thing." Just at that moment, Gu Chensha's voice rang out and he appeared beside Gu Huansha.

"It is you!"

Gu Huansha's expression changed, "Gu Chensha, you are so bold. Celestial Craftsman College can't be entered without an order. This is an order left by my father. Even if you are a Prince, if you enter without permission, you will be executed." "I have the Like I Am Present Gold Medallion, so I am already acting according to the order."

Gu Chensha was naturally watertight. "Imperial Sister, there's no need to panic. I can't be bothered to pry into your Celestial Designer Institute's secrets. Our Celestial Tranquility Department's methods aren't inferior to your Celestial Designer Institute's. Although the prehistoric civilization is powerful, spirit qi still exists. The world is filled with spirit qi, and the cultivation civilization is flourishing. We still have the absolute upper hand. As for the disappearance of spirit qi that you mentioned, it may not necessarily happen. Even if it does, it will be in the distant future. The changes in the world can't be calculated with common sense. " "What do you want to do this time?" Gu Huansha frowned.

"To talk about cooperation."

Gu Chensha casually pointed, and a green jade table and chair appeared on the ground. He sat down. "I want to borrow the power of the Immortal Master to deal with Wan Senshi, then destroy the new divine prefecture he created and rescue our people. This Wan Senshi's status is even older than the three Celestial Masters, and yet he dares to attack a junior. How detestable."

"Hahahaha!" Maha Suisui laughed. "Gu Chensha, so there is a time for you to be beaten. I like to see you battered and battered. To tell the truth, the Immortal Master has already formed an alliance with Wan Senshi to suppress the Calming Celestial Department. You actually want to cooperate with us? Isn't that the biggest joke in the world? "

"Just yesterday, I received the legacies of all the orthodoxies of the Buddhist Sect. The memories of the supreme Buddha and all the heavyweights of the Buddhist Sect are all in my World Tree. I haven't completely digested them, but just this alone has allowed me to break through to the twenty-seventh transformation." Gu Chensha said slowly, "Next, I will summon a mountain of gold and integrate it into my alliance. What do you think? Do you want a piece of the action?

I think with the treasures in the Paramita Golden Mountain, even the Immortal Master would be tempted. " "What?"

Hearing this, Gu Huansha's expression changed. "So that's how it is. No wonder I felt that the World Tree in the void of the Calming Celestial Department's alliance had undergone a huge change. So you actually obtained the legacies of the entire Buddhist Sect. Such resources are already enough for you to advance to the God Realm." ...