Chapter 1113
============

Chapter 227 The Rebirth of the Myriad Worlds

The 'old and new worlds' couldn't escape from Gu Chensha's methods. Even those powerful beings who had cultivated to the Undying Realm could only accept the rules. However, it was also because of this that they were filled with hatred for Gu Chensha.

This was understandable. They had lived well, experienced countless tribulations, and were the absolute protagonists of many worlds. They had finally cultivated to the Undying Realm and thought that they could live for eternity. But now, they had a lifespan, and their lifespans had been reduced by so much. No one would feel comfortable about this. Moreover, it had hurt their very foundation.

Thinking about it, in the battles of the Myriad Heavens and Realms, magic treasures were all secondary. Opportunities were all fabricated. Only one's own lifespan was real. As long as one could live, anything could happen. If one died, then everything would turn into a dream, like a bubble.

Now that Gu Chensha had limited the lifespans of all living beings, anyone who knew the truth would definitely hate him. They would already see him as a great demon king, a true demon, and a truly merciless being. In an instant, countless' people with lofty ideals' had the intention to 'defy the heavens'. 'Heaven' was the current Gu Chensha.

"Our battles no longer have any meaning."

At this time, Wei Jia and Zhou Yang had also arrived. They were discussing with Tang Chuan, Zhang Xuangong, and the others. The two of them had been fighting against each other, wanting to devour each other. Their battle was in full swing, but suddenly, something like this happened. They felt that there was no meaning in fighting anymore. They had to work together to resolve this calamity. They definitely couldn't allow their lifespans to run out and their cultivation to dissipate.

"But how can Gu Chensha defeat him now?"

At this time, the true master of the 'old and new worlds', Lin Yixun, also appeared. There was a strong sense of melancholy between her brows.

She had originally thought that she could dominate the world and stand on equal footing with the old and new worlds. Only now did she realize that everything was fake. In front of Gu Chensha, her achievements were childish and laughable.

"This matter is no longer something we can deal with."

Tang Chuan said, "I think we need to unite the New World, the Old World, and those six invincible figures. That way, the three forces can't attack each other." "That makes sense."

Lin Yixun waved her hand, and instantly, the wind and clouds surged. Everything changed into a great hall. She sat on the throne, and everyone else was below her. This was the conference hall of the old and new worlds.

"Zhou Yang, I know that you're colluding with that invincible and powerful figure, Zhou Qin, to overthrow my rule. But I don't care. I know everything about you. Contact Zhou Qin now, and we'll discuss how to deal with Gu Chensha." Lin Yixun's words made Zhou Yang's expression turn ugly.

But at this time, he had no other choice. He immediately adjusted his mentality and began to call for the person behind him, Zhou Qin. Whoosh!

In the middle of the hall, there was only one person. It was a young man dressed in green. It was Zhou Qin.

Zhou Qin looked at the high and mighty Lin Yixun. He didn't seem to care. Instead, he put on a cynical look. "You're not the master of the old and new worlds. You sure are at ease. Why? Why are you contacting me? " "I don't want to talk nonsense." Lin Yixun waved her hand again.

Lin Yixun waved her hand again. "Zhou Qin, I think you shouldn't stay out of this. If I'm not wrong, you have that interface too. You also have a lifespan in it. In other words, even if you're a special existence, you can't escape from Gu Chensha's control. No matter how powerful you are, you're the same as us. You're just a test subject of Gu Chensha. Actually, I know that you're not a real person yet, but you're not to be trifled with. Logically speaking, Gu Chensha is invincible now, but he'll eventually retire from the stage of history. Billions of years later, you'll be the main character to replace him. The others will replace you, generation after generation. But now, Gu Chensha has broken away from certain rules and wants to be the main character for eternity. In this way, you guys won't be able to be born. The only way to stop Gu Chensha is to suppress Gu Chensha. Of course, you guys can also use some changes here to be born in advance."

"It looks like you've built a world that isn't the old or the new. Your cultivation has been increasing day and night, and you've mastered a supreme mystique."

Zhou Qin said, "You're right. I'm the one to replace Gu Chensha. I'm his next successor. However, he's occupied this position forever, so I can't be born.

At the same time, it has affected countless people who will come after me. These people will have to join forces and get rid of Gu Chensha before order can be restored. " "The future itself is changing," Lin Yixun said.

"Indeed, we can't see the future clearly, but the only thing I know is that if we don't suppress Gu Chensha, we'll all die. Although we have a lifespan of billions of years, or even tens of billions of years, it's useless. We'll die in the end. Moreover, Gu Chensha can manipulate our lifespan at will. Maybe he'll have a sudden change on a whim, so we can only live for a few decades, or even a few centuries.

With this person above us, our lives will be threatened at any time. This is absolutely intolerable. " "This is indeed intolerable," Zhou Qin said.

"I've indeed become Gu Chensha's guinea pig. He's doing this to collect more data and let everyone provide him with experience. The reason why he created this lifespan panel is also to squeeze out everyone's potential." "I know this too. There's no point in discussing this anymore."

Lin Yixun said, "What we need to discuss now is how to deal with Gu Chensha. We need to kill or suppress Gu Chensha completely and get rid of the lifespan limit on this panel. What good ideas do you have? " "Of course I have ideas."

Zhou Qin said confidently, "But with my current strength, it's very difficult for me to unleash some things. I need to become a real person in order to have the ability to unleash some heaven-defying techniques and directly shatter this rule established by Gu Chensha." "What?" Lin Yixun was shocked. "You actually have such power?"

She didn't believe that Zhou Qin could actually shatter the rules established by Gu Chensha. Didn't that mean that if Zhou Qin became a human, he would have the same abilities as Gu Chensha?

However, she thought about it. In the future, Zhou Qin would be someone who would replace Gu Chensha. It wouldn't be surprising for him to have some secret techniques.

"This isn't surprising. My strength isn't inferior to Gu Chensha's to begin with."

Zhou Qin said unhurriedly, "However, without a soul, one can't become a human. Without a soul, it's impossible to mobilize all of one's power. This is because a human's soul itself is eternal power." "You … How can you become a human?"

Lin Yixun asked. She knew that this was very likely the key to something. If she could find out Zhou Qin's secret, her strength would also increase to a terrifying level.

"It's very simple. The power of all living beings. This is the best method now. I will establish a sect, gather faith, and extract some of the most mysterious things from the faith."

Zhou Qin said, "The power of a person's spirit contains everything. It is ever-changing and can be refined into many great existences. Right now, the method you guys are using to refine it is too primitive. Even the most brilliant method can only extract a bit of the power of eternity from it. However, I'm different. My method is billions of times more brilliant than yours.

I can extract unimaginable power from it. In the end, when these powers are gathered together, I can condense my own body and turn into a supreme god. I can break the shackles of Gu Chensha. " "Your consciousness is going to be extracted from my old and new worlds?" Lin Yixun said.

"That's right. The other universes are too small. They can't be used at all.

Of course, if we join forces, I can teach you some techniques that will allow your power to surpass the old and new worlds. "

Zhou Qin said, "Alright. It seems that if I don't give you some benefits, you won't believe me. I'll tell you the secret extracted from the soul." Hum … A strange power was transmitted into Lin Yixun's mind. Many strange and dazzling things appeared.

After a long time, Lin Yixun's eyes suddenly lit up. The aura around her body rose steadily. She let out a long cry. "I see. I see. The power of the soul can be used in this way. Zhou Qin, it seems that you are indeed an existence comparable to Gu Chensha."

Then, she grabbed with both hands. Instantly, countless power of faith surged over like the sea. In front of her, it condensed into a chaotic ocean.

Back then, Gu Chensha had established the Small Divine Prefecture overseas to collect power of faith. He extracted some essence from it and used it to condense large formations and forge treasures. This caused the overseas forces to be extremely huge. It became his secret base and provided him with a lot of combat power.

All this while, Gu Chensha had also been researching how to extract many substances from the power of faith. The power of faith was an existence of a higher level than fusion elemental energy.

Many treasures could be extracted from fusion elemental energy. However, there was a limit, and that was undying substances could not be extracted.

Only the spirit force of some people would be able to extract undying substances. As the refinement method became more exquisite, the undying substances that could be extracted would become increasingly pure. Some people would be able to extract micro-undying energy, minor undying energy, and some could first extract true undying energy, eternally undying energy. However, no one could extract undying substances from it.

In other words, even if one reached the undying realm, it was impossible to extract undying substances from it and create undying treasures. The Martial Sage Talisman created by a Martial Sage was actually a process of mutation.

Right now, it was impossible for a Martial Sage to create such talismans. However, Zhou Qin's method could actually create undying treasures.