Chapter 211
===========

The structure of the Sea Calming Pearl was complicated. Logically speaking, only those who had mastered the art of multitasking and could circulate their Innate Gang Qi to a very exquisite level could barely condense it. However, they could only stabilize the sea within a radius of one mile at most. rane? n???? .?

To be like Gu Chensha, who could stabilize the sea for dozens of miles, one would need to be at least at the 16th or 17th transformation of the Dao State.

Gu Chensha was also very familiar with the manipulation of water. It should be known that when he transfused the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood into the Black Tortoise baby, many of the Black Tortoise's bloodline also seeped into his body and was refined by him. His body had grasped a trace of the principles of the Law of Water, and using the Innate Stellar Energy in the sea was simply complementary.

If it was an ordinary expert, it would be very difficult to use Xiantian Earth Energy in the sea because of the huge resistance of the water. But Gu Chensha was like a fish in water. Once the Sea Calming Pearl was used, the sea became calm. The fleet that was about to collapse instantly stabilized.

"Star Absorbing Pagoda!"

After using the Sea Calming Pearl, a ball of Xiantian Earth Energy appeared on Gu Chensha's body and turned into a pagoda. The pagoda floated out of the sea and instantly became as tall as ten people.

The pagoda spun violently and a huge suction force came from it, sucking in all the surrounding fog and turning it into water that fell into the sea. Instantly, the surroundings became clear. They could no longer see their fingers in front of them.

Black Tortoise Nine Treasures, Sea Calming Pearl, Mountain and Sea Painting, Sledgehammer, Star Absorbing Pagoda, Nine Yang Whip, Darkfire Lamp, Blue Wave Sword, Sunset Bow, Shooting Sun Arrow. Each of them had supreme uses.

Although the power Gu Chensha simulated with Xiantian Earth Energy wasn't very strong, it was just enough to get rid of all kinds of disasters in the sea.

The Sea Calming Pearl stabilized the waves while the Star Absorbing Pagoda absorbed the fog and turned it into water. This allowed the fleet to immediately escape danger.

Originally, with the ability of this fleet, no matter how strong the wind and waves were, they would be safe and sound. However, the wind and the fog were strange. They were not natural disasters, but man-made. It was obvious that an extremely powerful expert was casting spells. Even Yi Zheng could not do such a thing.

This was definitely the "Gu Huo" Bao Ming 'er had mentioned, someone who had cultivated the Golden Core of the Great Path and reached the Eighteen Transformations of the Dao Realm.

"Sea Calming Pearl, Star Absorbing Pagoda! I didn't expect there to be such an expert. "

Just as Gu Chensha displayed the Sea Calming Pearl and the Star-Absorbing Pagoda, a thought slammed into his mind. Bang!

Just at this moment, he felt as if his soul was fiercely struck by a sledgehammer, and he felt the world spin around him while he almost fainted. This was a spiritual attack, or in other words, the energy of the gods. It was invisible and formless, and it penetrated everything. The protection of Innate Energy was utterly unable to resist it. Innate Gang Qi could only block tangible things, it was useless against intangible mental attacks.

Fortunately, his mind was protected by the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. Otherwise, his soul would have been directly devoured, leaving only an empty shell behind.

"Hmph? I've already predicted this move! "

Gu Chensha didn't panic in the face of danger. All he felt was an extremely strong evil will trying to devour his soul. He immediately activated the Dragon Gate in his body. Woo woo woo, woo woo woo!

In the depths of the Dragon Gate in his body, a giant snake phantom appeared. It was the will of the Sun Devouring Bashe.

After this will appeared, it sucked in fiercely, and a seemingly boundless spiritual wave instantly circulated around Gu Chensha's body. The huge evil will that had invaded his mind was instantly absorbed, and the Dragon Gate took advantage of it.

Ever since the Dragon Gate had melted the Sun Devouring Bashe Pouch, its devouring ability had greatly increased, and it had unfathomable mysteries.

As the treasure of the Hell Serpent Temple, the Sun Devouring Bashe Pouch itself had the ability to devour all things. Not just Innate Gang Qi, it could completely devour the formless will of ghosts and gods. Therefore, the Dragon Gate was now a treasure that could both attack and defend. It could absorb Innate Gang Qi and Primordial Spirit attacks.

This was also the reason why Gu Chensha was confident that he could fight against a Golden Core Dao expert.

In an instant, he devoured the evil will that had invaded his body, and he saw the demonic shadow wrap around him. The demonic shadow clawed at his head, and its five fingers were like hooks. With a biting cold force, it cut into Gu Chensha's body.

The Innate Gang Qi on Gu Chensha's body suddenly swept out, turning into a picture. This picture had mountains and seas, and with him as the center, it spread out. This was the transformation of the Mountain and Sea Picture.

The Mountain and Sea Picture was extremely powerful in the sea, and it was stronger than any spell. Combined with the sea, it only took a slight flash for the demonic shadow to be sucked into it.

The demonic shadow wanted to break out of the Mountain and Sea Picture, but then the Dragon Gate in Gu Chensha's body sucked, and his entire body was sucked into the Dragon Gate.

The terrifying power of the depths of the Dragon Gate moved, and it directly destroyed the demonic shadow. Creak, creak …

The demonic shadow let out a ghostly wail, but it was of no use. It was crushed by the power of the Sun Devouring Bashe in the Dragon Gate, and turned into the purest Dragon Qi, which was about to condense into a Dragon Raising Pill.

"What pure Spiritual Qi. It's almost equivalent to a third of the Thunder Beast King's Thunder Aura."

Gu Chensha was a little shocked, but then he looked into the deep sea, and his voice was transmitted through the waves. "Friend, you are a peerless expert. Why are you hiding? What about the Dog Bandits' assassination?" "Alright!" At this time, a bubble appeared in the deep sea, and within the bubble was a man.

This man was very young, about the same age as Gu Chensha, 16 or 17 years old, but he had an extraordinary bearing. His eyebrows were like swords, and his face was fair and beardless. He wore a brocade robe, and he wore a purple-gold dragon crown. He had the bearing of a king.

He was wrapped in a bubble, and he rose from the bottom of the sea. The surrounding seawater seemed to sense this aura, and they all scattered, expressing their submission. The mountains and rivers all submitted to his aura.

"You are Gu Huo?"

Gu Chensha immediately knew that this man's aura was definitely that of a big shot, similar to Fa Wuxian. Although he didn't have the absolute power of a Natural Born Sage like Fa Wuxian, he still had the power to control life and death. He was the pride of the heavens, and no one could stop him, no matter how strong he was.

Up until now, Gu Chensha had only seen this kind of aura from a few people, such as Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, Fa Wuxian, and Xiao Yan.

"Oh? You know my name? "

The young man's eyebrows twitched, and he immediately thought of something. "How dare Bao Ming 'er betray the Imperial Court!" "What do you mean betray the Imperial Court?"

Gu Chensha said proudly. "There is only one Imperial Court, and that is the Great Yongchō Court of the Divine Land. Your Great Wei Dynasty is just a vassal state. We are the Celestial Court." "What an arrogant tone."

Gu Huo wasn't angry. "Your Imperial Court has already lost the Mandate of Heaven. Whatever you say is useless. However, I miscalculated. I didn't expect Bao Ming 'er to tell you about my existence. I wanted to destroy your fleet in one fell swoop." "You want to stop me from recruiting Baoyu Country?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Not just Baoyu Country. Dragon Sword Island, Ocean Roc Island, and the other overseas countries are all the Great Wei Dynasty's territory. Whoever dares to touch them will be killed! "

Gu Huo flicked his fingers. "It's good that you are here. I will take you down, hang you up, and parade you through the streets of the overseas countries. Let's see which country dares to accept the Yongchō's offer." "That depends on whether you have the ability to do so."

Gu Chensha said solemnly, "I know that you have only recently advanced to the Golden Dan of the Great Path. Although I am only at the Seven Transformations of the Dao Realm and you are at the Eighteen Transformations, 11 less than you, it will still be very difficult for you to defeat me."

"The difference in strength between each level of Dao Realm is like the difference between heaven and earth."

Gu Huo laughed out loud: "Not to mention the fact that you and I are eleven transformations apart. You are only so arrogant because you have a good treasure in your body. If you didn't have this treasure, killing you would be as easy as killing a chicken."

"Stop talking nonsense. Since you want to kill me, then attack." Gu Chensha observed the surroundings. He wouldn't attack first as he was good at defending and counterattacking.

His opponent's cultivation was just too high and all his attacks would be useless. He could only wait for him to attack and slowly absorb his Xiantian Earth Energy and Spiritual Sense, turning them into Dragon Raising Pills to increase his own strength and weaken him at the same time.

"You are asking for death!"

Gu Huo reached out with his palm and pressed down. Instantly, a mountain-like pressure pressed down. The surrounding seawater seemed to have frozen and was only restricted inwards. It was actually a sealing technique.

Gu Chensha's hands formed a seal and his body turned into a vortex, dispersing all the power and absorbing it into his body.

His Dragon Gate absorbed all attacks. This time, he came out to fight with Gu Huo because he wanted to see how much his Dragon Gate could withstand. At the same time, he wanted to increase his combat experience.

Gu Huo was a Golden Dan Great Dao expert. This was the first time Gu Chensha had fought with such a strong person. Although he had started to devour his opponent's Xiantian Earth Energy and Spiritual Sense, it was just a drop in the bucket for Gu Huo. His opponent was giving him a lot of pressure.

"Show me what other mystiques you have." Gu Chensha dispelled the attack and deliberately provoked his opponent.

"The ignorant are fearless!"

Gu Huo smiled. "I have already tested the power of that treasure of yours. It can devour Xiantian Earth Energy and Primordial Spirit. With this treasure to protect you, you are indeed invincible, but that is all. Oh well, you are the son of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor after all. I will let you see the 12 Yuanchen Calamity Demon Gods that I have painstakingly cultivated."

As he spoke, a beam of golden light shot out from the top of his head. It broke through the surface of the sea and into the clouds, illuminating the sea. Gu Chensha saw that the source of the golden light was a Golden Dan. This was the Golden Dan of the Great Dao.

A person's life's essence, Qi, and spirit were condensed, and after many tribulations, this pill was formed. After it was formed, even ghosts and gods would not be able to invade. Once this pill was formed, one could be said to have touched the Great Dao. And Qi Abstinence was just a minor Dao.

12 waves of Demonic Qi emerged from the Golden Dan and turned into 12 Demon Gods that surrounded Gu Chensha.

"These are the 12 Yuanchen Calamity Demon Gods that I have painstakingly cultivated. They have already merged with my Golden Dan as one. The 12 Demon Gods represent the three calamities and nine disasters. If you can break my array, I have nothing to say."

Gu Huo's expression was very calm. "I heard that your Yongchō has produced a natural-born Saint called Fa Wuxian. I have cultivated this art in order to kill a Saint. I will sacrifice you to the array first."