Chapter 1
=========

After dragging it out for so long, it's finally time to publish a new book. First of all, I would like to apologize to everyone here. I was originally supposed to publish a new book in May this year, but it has been delayed until now.

Of course, there is a reason for this. Those who are familiar with this industry know that the website has experienced a huge upheaval this year, and I have even terminated my contract with Zongheng. But why am I back to publish a new book on Zongheng?

Because after a series of hard work by my team and myself, the website has stabilized. I started publishing on this platform in 2010, and it has been five years now. Immortality, Holy King, and Emperor of the Cosmos. The total word count of these three books is close to 15 million. It can be said that most of my efforts have been spent on the website, and I have also witnessed the ups and downs of this platform from small to large, from germinating to growing up. To be honest, I really hate to part with this platform.

In fact, the extent of the upheaval this year is not even tens of thousands of words can describe it clearly. But everyone can see that the hottest thing in the capital market is the Precious Energy Department and Vanke. The situation should be similar.

"Am I Wang Shi? That can't be, right? Although my name is Wang Zhong. "

We authors love literature, and we only hope to have a stable creative environment so that we can carve out the best words with peace of mind.

Our editorial management team also loves literature, and we only hope to obtain more benefits for the authors and promote good works.

We have our own sentiments, and we also hope that there are people who understand sentiments to support our career, our sentiments, and our ideals.

Fortunately, we found this person, and at the same time, we thank him for his generosity and appreciation. Above, my identity is as a core member of the team. Now, my identity is that of an author.

When it comes to writing books, I have always felt guilty towards everyone, because I have always wanted to write something that everyone is satisfied with, but what I have written is not even satisfactory to me. The last few books were a little more gorgeous, but they lacked a lot of spirituality.

This can't be helped. I have a total of seven books, from the original Buddha to Dao, Black Mountain Demon, The Romance of Dragon and Snake, Sun God, Immortality, Holy King, and Emperor of the Cosmos. I have written 25 million words, and it has been ten years.

This has made me realize that human strength is limited. After all, I am not the protagonist of a novel, who will always improve, always be full of passion and passion.

After ten years of writing, to be honest, I'm already exhausted. My thoughts are no longer what they used to be. Before writing about the Emperor of the Cosmos, I had already declared that I would write a peerless divine book. In the end, I disappointed myself and everyone.

Of course, there were many things that affected my mood. However, this was a promise that I had yet to fulfill, so I didn't mind saying it out loud. If it's good, it's good. If it's bad, it's bad. In my new book, I hope that I can regain my feelings and write about my philosophy.

Let's not talk too much about it. I've been writing for ten years, and I've experienced too many things. There have been ups and downs, and I've seen all kinds of people, good and bad, kind and evil.

Some provided timely help, some added insult to injury, some advanced and retreated together, some watched coldly from the sidelines. Many friends gathered and dispersed, leaving only a few behind.

The fans who were with me in the past have also disappeared. The world has changed, how many decades can a person have?

By now, half of one's life had passed. Many things that were considered important in the past were no longer important.

Just as the Preface of the Orchid Pavilion said, the things that I liked in the past have become things of the past in the blink of an eye.

After ten years, perhaps the taste of my new book has changed. Everyone can leisurely enjoy it and laugh. Those who praise or criticize are all friends, passers-by, and even more so, fate.

Fate comes and goes. If everyone thinks it's good, they come. If they think it's bad, they leave. If I think it's good, I write it. If I think it's bad, I don't write it. Every thought of a person is unpredictable and unpredictable, so I'll just go along with it.