Chapter 779
===========

Crack!

Xingqiong's divine land bottle gourd emitted the sound of wind and thunder, and it was almost as if heaven and earth were about to be destroyed.

"I know you have some tricks up your sleeve, boy, but do you really think you can turn the tables?"

When Xing Qiongshi saw that Gu Chensha was actually fighting back, he couldn't help but laugh coldly. "You're a natural oddity. You're the most important person in this tribulation. I didn't think I'd refine you in such a hurry, but you're too naive if you think you can trick me just because of that. Immortal Master, Immortal Master Wan, and the others all have trump cards, but do you think I don't? Fine, I'll show you what it means to be the divine land's number one fiend! " RUMBLE!

Under Xing Qiongshi's summons, more than ten figures appeared behind him. All of these figures possessed extremely precious auras. That was the aura of the ancients.

Years ago, Xingqiong had been wreaking havoc in the Central Divine Prefecture, and not even the ancients had been able to suppress him. In fact, he'd torn many of them to shreds, and in the end, everyone was furious. The immortals, devils, demon gods, three celestials, and many other old-timers had banded together and used tribulation from the heavens to crush Xingqiong into pieces.

However, the Ancient Heavenly Sons that Xing Qiongshi had torn apart were refined by him into some sort of miraculous existence.

"Gu Chensha, boy, I'll tell you this: I was the one who created the divine land grand magic. Even if you're trying to innovate, the core of it is still mine.

That was Emperor Gu. The reason I risked universal condemnation and killed Emperor Gu was because I wanted to truly master the Divine Prefecture Grand Method. Since ancient times, only the Emperor who controlled the Divine Prefecture and was acknowledged by the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree could be the Emperor. From this, it can be seen that the Emperor and the Divine Prefecture of the Central Plains are inextricably linked. The Emperor is born from the most central destiny of the Divine Prefecture.

Killing the Son of Heaven and obtaining the Son of Heaven's fate energy and origin will allow me to better control the Divine Continent. It's still too early for you to completely obtain the secrets of the Divine Continent. I'll let you know what the true Divine Continent's great technique is now! "

Xingqiong summoned more than ten ancients he'd killed, and they all activated some sort of secret magic. Crack! Crackle! Xingqiong's divine land gourd expanded tenfold. It was ten times stronger than before.

The ancients were inextricably linked to the Central Divine Prefecture, and after being refined by Xingqiong into the divine land grand magic, it could instantly unleash its true power. The divine land had appeared!

An enormous divine land appeared, converging in the sky and pouring into the gourd. In the blink of an eye, the divine land became something that could crush all things.

"Ancients Tianzi!"

"As expected, this is the trump card of the Xing Qiong Clan. It's indeed powerful, but you're going further and further down the wrong path. I've said it before, the Divine Prefecture is about offering and sacrificing, not plundering and killing. When you killed the Gu Tianzi, you wanted to devour the Gu Tianzi and activate the power of the Divine Prefecture. This is an extreme idea, but it can also achieve good results. However, you're going down the wrong path. You're going against the Divine Prefecture, and the Divine Prefecture will definitely come back to bite you.

If you hadn't used the ancients, it would've taken me a lot of effort to do anything to you. But now that you've used them, you're seeking your own death. " Then Gu Chensha's voice echoed out from the vital energy. "Rest in peace, Tianzi.

"Rest in peace, ancient Sons of Heaven. You control the Divine Prefecture, nurture the people, and have great merit. However, you were killed by the villains, and your grievances cannot be vented. I will now relieve you of your suffering and return you to the Divine Prefecture. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. You are a part of the Central Divine Prefecture, and I cannot allow you to be captured by the villains." Rumble! A sacrificial power emanated from Gu Chensha's body. Gu Chensha was offering sacrifices to the ancients.

His current sacrifice could resurrect the Saints, because he'd devoured the essence of the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha. With this sacrifice, all of the ancients Xingqiong had used seemed to be liberated. More than ten ancients bowed to Gu Chensha.

Then they vanished, piercing through the boundless dimensions to enter the divine land of the Central Continent, where they became one with it.

At this point, the people of the Central Continent could see more than ten beams of dazzling light shooting down from the heavens, landing in the imperial palace of the old capital of the divine land, and then vanishing without a trace.

Countless experts and old-timers immediately began to perform divinations, but none of them were able to come up with anything.

However, these beams of light were auspicious energy, not evil. Anyone with the slightest bit of cultivation would be able to tell that.

"What? My ancients!? "Xingqiong was shocked." You!? Gu Chensha, what did you do?! "

"I didn't do anything. I've said it before, this is a clash of ideas between our Divine Continent's Great Dharma. My Divine Continent's Great Dharma is about risk and sacrifice, while your Divine Continent's Great Dharma is about plunder and evil. In short, I win people over with virtue, while you win people over with killing. This is understandable, but the Divine Continent's Central Plains are not people, it's the earth.

"Therefore, when our ideals clashed, you lost. Your divine lands were wrong, and you took a wrong path. In the end, you ended up opposing the divine lands, causing the wrath of the heavens and the resentment of the people. Meanwhile, the divine lands and I help each other, support each other, share weal and woe, and treat each other with sincerity.

That's how all living beings are united. The divine lands are also living beings, and they have feelings and thoughts. Although their feelings and ways of thinking are different from ours, they truly are one of them. That's not to be doubted. " Gu Chensha suddenly moved, summoning even more power from the divine lands. Rumble! He had turned the tables. The power of the divine lands completely suppressed Xingqiong's divine lands.

Xingqiong suddenly realized that he couldn't summon the power of the divine lands anymore. It was as if the divine lands of the Central Continent had developed some sort of hatred for him, and even wanted to kill him as soon as possible. This was Xingqiong's sin.

As the foremost fiend of the divine lands, he'd done many things to throw the divine lands into chaos. He'd tried to use his own power to suppress and refine the divine lands. Originally, he should've been able to ignore this kind of sin, but now that Gu Chensha had appeared and activated the will of the divine lands, Xingqiong was completely unable to suppress it.

Gu Chensha's Divine Continent Grand Magic completely countered Xing Qiong Clan's Divine Continent Grand Magic. Gu Chensha was supported by the divine lands, and they treated each other with sincerity. Xingqiong was hated by the divine lands, and his sins were monstrous. As a result, it was clear who had won and who had lost.

"Xingqiong, this is your mistake. I didn't imprison you, but your own sins. You can't take your karma away with you.

Today is the day you and the divine lands of the Central Continent come to an end. "Gu Chensha suddenly broke free from Xingqiong's divine land gourd.

He then grabbed the gourd, and the power of the divine lands in his hand was unprecedentedly powerful. Crack, crack!

Countless seals, innumerable talismans, and innumerable restrictive spells surged out of Gu Chensha's palm, and they were all thrown into the gourd that Xing Qiong had transformed into.

Xingqiong roared in fury, but he couldn't break free. He was hated by the divine lands, and the power of the divine lands had locked onto him. He couldn't break free no matter what.

"What are you trying to do, Gu Chensha?!

Even if you refine me into the Divine Continent Gourd, you won't be able to kill me. You'll only be using me as a treasure. In fact, you'll be using me as a treasure to do many things in the future. That way, I'll be able to increase my power. One day, I'll be able to escape. When that time comes, it'll be the time of your death. "Xing Qiong suddenly calmed down, as if he had found a way to escape.

"I'm not going to kill you. I'm actually helping you."

Gu Chensha grabbed the gourd and poured the power of the divine lands into it to refine Xingqiong. At the same time, he sighed. "Your divine land grand magic has gone astray. If you keep this up, the divine lands of the Central Continent won't be able to tolerate you any longer, and then they'll devour you and kill you. But now, I've saved you.

I've pulled you back from the brink of cultivation deviation. You might not be able to accept it right now, but that's fine. I'll use this divine land gourd you have transformed into to save the divine lands and establish a civilization. You'll make a great contribution to the divine lands of the Central Continent, and I'll gradually gain their recognition. Then I'll dispel the aura of sin in you. That way, your karma will be cleansed, and you'll gain enlightenment. You'll be able to step into a higher realm. Once you've cleansed yourself of your sins and changed your mind, you'll be reborn and free. Xingqiong, why would I kill you?

Even if you're my enemy, I'll make them repent. I won't kill them. For example, that Fa Wuxian. Isn't he still alive? "

"Your ideals are wrong, boy. I'm right. I conform to the natural laws of the Heavenly Daos. The weak are prey to the strong, and only the fittest survive. That's why my divine land grand magic is deathless and indestructible.

You only have the upper hand temporarily. "Xing Qiong's voice rumbled, he definitely wouldn't compromise.