Chapter 643
===========

"The Dharma Saint is quite a character. I can't believe he even miscalculated us."

Wan Senshi said, "The situation in the world is getting more and more complicated. Even with our cultivation base, we can't do everything as we wish?" "We're not omnipotent. It's normal to miscalculate occasionally."

Immortal Master sighed, "From this, we can see that in this rolling general trend, I'm afraid even you and I can't be sure of victory, and there's even the risk of death." "I don't believe it. At least, there's no power that can kill me yet."

Wan Senshi said, "Yuan Gu, Pu Tuo, fighting those three little guys won't work, and neither will Xing Qiong Shi, let alone the others." "Not necessarily.

The forces that will appear in the future will only get stronger. Even if you save Thunder Extreme Essence and Thunder Extreme Blood, there's still the risk of death, and they won't be able to resist the erosion of the golden light, "Immortal Master said.

"Indeed."

Wan Senshi didn't hide this, "If it weren't for this, I'm afraid the Tranquil Immortal Department would've been destroyed long ago." "We'll have to reconsider this matter.

The situation is now complicated. Heavenly Demon Clan, very good, you dare to ruin my plan. "Immortal Master's words were filled with killing intent.

"Unifying the demon race is also one of your plans."

Wan Senshi said, "Of course the Heavenly Demon Clan won't let you do as you wish, and they'll fight to the death. But I didn't expect them to be so willing. I wonder what kind of talent has emerged from the Heavenly Demon Clan?

According to you and me, the current Heavenly Demon Soul Devourer doesn't seem to have the courage. " The Heavenly Demon Soul Devourer was the ancestor of the Heavenly Demon Clan.

"Looks like you'll have to investigate what's happening inside the Heavenly Demon Clan. You and I still have to work together, and that's enough to suppress the Dharma Saint and the Heavenly Demon Clan. Even if the Dharma Saint ascends to a medium-class world, he won't be able to ruin my plan."

Wan Senshi was still very unhappy. Originally, everything in the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals was under his control. But now, all the aristocratic families in the world must be led by the Dharma Saint.

"Let's go back and make our own plans." In a flash, the Immortal Master disappeared. Wan Senshi disappeared for good. A moment later, Wan Senshi arrived in the middle of the desert, in the Holy Sama Empire.

At that moment, Jing Fanxing was in the midst of cultivating. Buddhist light shone from his body as a vast Buddhist power enveloped the entire hall.

Suddenly, a profound look appeared in his eyes. "How do I turn the Holy Sama Empire into a supreme Buddhist kingdom?

Right now, the entire empire believes in Jing Qiu. If I forcibly change their faith, I'm afraid that it will lead to a bloodbath, and Jing Qiu won't let me go. I need to think about this at length. " Suddenly, his eyes froze. Because he saw someone. He wore a long robe and a bronze mask. It was Wan Senshi.

"Humph!"

Wan Senshi was really angry. "You piece of trash. If it wasn't for your weak will, how could the Buddhist Sect and that kid Gu Chensha have taken advantage of you? Not only did you lose my Dao-Seeking Painting, but after that kid Gu Chensha refined it, his cultivation base increased again and he comprehended many truths. Not only that, you have also been brainwashed by the Buddhist Sect, and you want to destroy the good situation created in this desert empire."

"Lord Wan Senshi, this …" Jing Fanxing was a little flustered. Although he had been brainwashed by the Buddhist Sect, he was still clear-headed.

"I want to turn you back," Wan Senshi said.

"Although the Buddhist Sect has set up a trap in your body, even if the supreme Buddha came in person, he would not be able to do anything." As he spoke, deep in Wan Senshi's palm, he seemed to cut off some kind of power.

Then, he grabbed at the air, and a ball of Buddhist light came out of Jing Fanxing's body. The ball of Buddhist light twisted and struggled, but it was useless. Wan Senshi crushed it and turned it to ashes.

At this moment, the Buddhist Sect did not dare to fight against the furious Wan Senshi, so they gave up on Jing Fanxing.

After the ball of Buddhist light was taken away, Jing Fanxing immediately came to his senses. He was drenched in sweat as he knelt down. "Lord Wan Senshi, please spare me. I was also bewitched by the Buddhist Sect and Gu Chensha. Under the power of these two giants, there is nothing I can do." "Trash will always be trash. I'll give you one last chance."

Wan Senshi seemed to think that Jing Fanxing still had some use as a pawn. "You did not obtain any Dharma treasures in the Divine Central Continent. That is because the opportunity has not yet arrived. If you forcibly seek out the opportunity, you will naturally meet with misfortune. What you need to do now is to develop the Holy Sama Empire and make it extremely prosperous. That way, the merit of nurturing all life and transforming this desert will fall on you, and your luck will change because of that. I gave you the Dao-Seeking Diagram and the small World Tree to nurture this desert! But you are still blinded by greed! "

"Your disciple knows his wrongs." Jing Fanxing knew that if he did not pay attention, he would be killed by Wan Senshi.

"I spent a great deal of effort to refine the Dao-Seeking Diagram and the small World Tree. Since you have been taken away by others, I cannot refine them for you. What a pity, what a pity. If you had used the diagram and the tree, you would have been able to expand the Holy Sama Empire in the desert dozens of times over. At that time, your merit and luck would have skyrocketed. When you go to the Divine Central Continent again, the fortuitous encounters you will obtain will not be comparable to what you have now. What you need to do now is to nurture your own luck, understand?"

Wan Senshi had nothing to say to Jing Fanxing's stupidity. With a wave of his hand, another Dharma treasure flew out. This treasure was a small gate that was transparent like a crystal.

"This treasure is called the Minor Spatial Door. I created it by imitating the real Spatial Door," Wan Senshi said. "The real Spatial Door is in the hands of the Void Worms.

Right now, there are some problems with the expansion of the desert empire. It is too isolated, and the transportation of resources is not very smooth. Now that you have this door, you can build portals everywhere. You can even communicate with the distant Wildlands and the Great Wei Dynasty. You can even communicate with the regions beyond the Eastern Wastelands and the Frigid Snow Region. This way, you will be able to obtain endless resources and people. You will be able to completely green this desert and obtain merit and luck. With the support of the will of the Land of Infinity, you will have truly succeeded. " "Many thanks, Your Excellency." Jing Fanxing kowtowed repeatedly and took the Minor Spatial Door.

"If you still lose this treasure, then there's no need for you to come see me. Kill yourself, or else I'll make your life a living hell. Remember, what you need to do now is to continuously develop the Holy Sama Empire. Success will come naturally, and your cultivation will also comprehend a lot more because of this."

Wan Senshi reminded him again. "No matter what kind of fortuitous encounter you have, it is better to stay here and work hard."

"But the god of this place is Jing Qiu. Everything I have built is just to help him," Jing Fanxing said bravely. "Right now, Jing Qiu is working with the Dharma Saint. I can't compete with him at all." "Don't worry. I have my ways."

Wan Senshi said. "As long as you work hard on my Life-Death Illusion Destruction, it is only a matter of time before you surpass Jing Qiu." "I understand. I will definitely work hard." Jing Fanxing didn't dare say anything else.

"Other than this Minor Spatial Door, I will also plant a cultivation seed in your body. It is the essence of my body. When you cultivate the Life-Death Illusion Destruction Illusion Destruction, you can refine it. Your cultivation and comprehension speed will be ten times faster, maybe even a hundred times faster."

Wan Senshi flicked his finger, and in an instant, another ball of light entered Jing Fanxing's sea of consciousness. Then, he disappeared.

This was his real body. Only by coming with his real body could he suppress the Buddhist sect and take Jing Fanxing in again. He didn't want to give up on this chess piece. After Wan Senshi left, Jing Fanxing's face was filled with hatred. "Gu Chensha! This time, I fell for your trick again and was almost purified by the Buddhist sect. This time, I won't let you get ahead of yourself. " In the Dharma Realm. The school of Legalism. Countless people cheered and jumped for joy.

This was a moment of success, a historical moment. Countless people in the school of Legalism had tears in their eyes.

Jing Qiu and Wu Dangkong looked at each other. They hadn't expected that the Dharma Saint would be able to form a dimensional realm so quickly. The Heavenly Demons had done their best to help him.

"What's wrong?"

The Dharma Saint looked at Wu Dangkong and Jing Qiu with a calm expression. "In reality, my use of the True God position was just a cover to deceive everyone. The most important thing was that I made an agreement with the Heavenly Demons. They fully supported me." "Is our agreement still in effect?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"Of course it is. I will use the power of the dimensional realm to help you increase your cultivation. However, I have decided to give the True God position to Jing Qiu. You have the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, so you will form the True God position sooner or later. Of course, I won't mistreat you."

The Dharma Saint said, "I have made an agreement with the Heavenly Demons. I will give you a few primordial treasures. Now, with the power of the dimensional realm, I will help you completely suppress the Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor. Together, this armor will transform and become your armor. The power of this armor will be equivalent to that of a Sage. It will be completely under your control. You will have the incarnation of a Sage. Xing Qiongshi's injuries probably haven't healed yet. This is a good opportunity. " "That's good." Wu Dangkong's expression softened a little.

Jing Qiu, on the other hand, wasn't happy. "Lord Dharma Saint knows that Wan Senshi trained Jing Fanxing, so you trained me to compete with Wan Senshi. Are you trying to cause internal strife in the Jing Clan? "