Chapter 1109
============

The situation has changed again.

Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li. These six people were too terrifying. They seemed to have gathered all the variables in the world. Their cultivation bases were so high that they could suppress everything. Even the Supreme Immortal Realm was many times stronger than the previous Supreme Immortal Realm.

Tang Chuan had become one of the upper echelons of the Old and New Worlds, and his strength had increased a lot. However, if he were to face off against one of these six people, he would be in danger. He did not know how these six people cultivated, but logically speaking, it was impossible for them to be so powerful.

However, Gu Chensha was also a weirdo. He had reached the Invincible Realm, but no one understood how he had cultivated.

"That's right. We're no longer an old and new world. In the future, we'll be a tripartite balance in the multiverse. However, we're the newest to be established, so we're actually the weakest. Of course, we also have our advantages.

That was, I now had absolute control over the situation in both the old and new worlds. Unlike the old world, which was currently extremely chaotic, the will of the new world and the creator Gu Chensha had already turned against each other. We can learn from these two lessons and create a brand new situation, "Lin Yixun said.

"The six of them will definitely plot against our old and new worlds. However, what we should do now is to unite the wills of the old and new worlds, unite the wills of the old and new worlds, and completely eliminate the six of them so that we can once again integrate them into our world."

Tang Chuan said, "Of course, the Will of the New World and the Will of the Old World can both benefit greatly from this. They can become humans. I think they won't reject this plan. In fact, the current multiverse should be dominated by five superpowers: the Old World, the New World, and us, the Non-New Old World. Then there are those six weirdos. The last one is the invincible Gu Chensha. He can suppress the other four forces by himself."

"Then what we should do now is to unite the four sides and deal with Gu Chensha." Lin Yixun asked deliberately. It was unknown if this was his true thoughts deep in his heart.

"Gu Chensha poses no threat to us."

Tang Chuan said, "He has a detached attitude. He doesn't interfere, doesn't annex, and has never suppressed or killed any existences. He seems to be letting them develop on their own and then collecting data. We are all his test subjects. The will of the new world, the will of the old world, and those six weirdos are all different. They have their own desires, and with their desires, they can pose a threat to us."

"In reality, these six people won't be very close even if they join forces. There's also a lot of competition among them. It's possible that they'll devour each other," Lin Yixun said.

"Yes, but they are very shrewd. They know when to fight each other and when to unite."

Tang Chuan said, "If my guess is correct, some of us, such as Zhou Yang, Zhang Xuangong, and Wei Jia, are plotting in secret. They're colluding with outsiders in an attempt to usurp the supreme ruler of the old and new worlds. I think it's better to go all out and refine these people into the new world." "I planned to do that sooner or later."

Lin Yixun said, "But now, the old and new worlds have just been settled. We can't act rashly. We must consolidate our foundation before we can settle the score slowly. There's no rush." (This chapter is not finished. Please continue.)

"," message ":" Success!