Chapter 445
===========

"Young Master, why did you sneak in again? If my father finds out, what will happen?" In the room, a girl hugged Dou Nineteen and then shyly separated.

"What is there to be afraid of?" Dou Nineteen teased, "I will be able to get famous soon. When the time comes, can't I marry you?" "What is your cultivation like now?"

The Governor's daughter asked, "It is getting harder and harder to get Scholarly Honors now. There are so many experts in the world, and one has to be good at everything to have a chance at all. Even if one reaches the Dao Realm, it is still a little difficult." "I stepped into the Dao Realm a few days ago. Look."

Dou Nineteen was really good at seducing girls. Over the hundreds of years, who knew how many female disciples he had seduced in the Celestial Path Sect? Even some of the female disciples under Chang Weiyang of the Cosmos Profound Sect had suffered.

This person was good at transforming. Along with the support of the three Sky Venerables, even if people found out, they could only close one eye and let him do whatever he wanted.

"This damn one, he has so many incarnations, who knows how many women he has seduced in my Eternal Dynasty, setting up so many methods, truly despicable. I finally understand why those Immortal Dao Mysterious Sects' sect masters have to get rid of him.

If not for the three Sky Venerables supporting him, who knows how many times he would have died? "Killing intent rose up in Gu Chensha's heart.

With Dou Nineteen's ability, it was really easy for him to seduce girls. Moreover, it was really hard to defend against. He was much better than any rapist.

In the past, he was really bad in the Celestial Path Sect. Now that he had changed his tastes, he actually came to the mortal world and seduced the girls of those governors, inspectors, and noble families.

Gu Chensha estimated that at least hundreds and thousands of noble girls had been seduced by Dou Nineteen.

Jiang State Governor Deng Pingyuan was an exception. His cultivation had reached the fifth or sixth transformation of the Dao Realm and he was really hardworking. But how could he be a match for Dou Nineteen at the twenty-fifth transformation?

If such a person hid in the commoners and did whatever he wanted, even a god wouldn't be able to find him. Luckily, Gu Chensha didn't let him off and due to luck, he suffered a huge loss.

"This time, I must kill this person. I cannot let him escape." Gu Chensha made up his mind.

Just as Dou Nineteen and the Governor's daughter were whispering sweet nothings to each other, Gu Chensha and Emperor Wu appeared in the room.

"Who are you?" The governor's eldest daughter almost screamed.

"Miss, this man is a demon, and specializes in seducing women. You've fallen into his trap. I'm a member of the Imperial Court's Celestial Pacification Bureau, and I specialize in capturing demons." Gu Chensha felt the need to point this out, "Dou Nineteen, what do you think?"

"Gu Chensha, if you dare to appear in front of me, hand over the Imperial Dao Gourd and the Grand Emperor's Heavenly Weapon!"

Dou Nineteen was overwhelmed with a boundless killing intent. "Everything I did in the Demon Realm was done by you, wasn't it? Even though you hid it very well, you still couldn't escape my calculations."

"I've been keeping an eye on you for a long time. You went to look for Wu Dangkong and Jing Qiu. Every move of yours was under my control."

Gu Chensha smiled. "However, your opponent today isn't me. It's him, the resurrected Emperor Wu. Do you know him?

Thousands of years ago, the Three Great Heavenly Venerables plotted against him, causing him to fall and destroying his country.

Today, he wants to seek revenge. Hand over your Dragon Nurturing Heart Technique, Dragon Creation Heart Technique, and some of the Three Great Heavenly Venerables' memories. Perhaps he will let you live. " "Emperor Wu?"

Dou Nineteen looked at Emperor Wu with a solemn expression. He could already sense Emperor Wu's monstrous killing intent.

Emperor Wu had no enmity with the Celestial Pacification Bureau and the Great Yongchō. They were emperors from thousands of years ago, so there was basically no enmity between them. However, Emperor Wu wanted to kill the Three Great Heavenly Venerables and destroy his country. The destruction of his country and his family were all part of it.

Although Dou Nineteen hadn't been born when Emperor Wu destroyed his country, he was still the Victorious Heavenly Venerate's son. Emperor Wu could sense the Victorious Heavenly Venerate's bloodline at a glance. He didn't say anything. He opened his palm and a spatial fluctuation enveloped Dou Nineteen.

Dou Nineteen's body changed and he used a technique to escape from Emperor Wu's attack. He knew that he would be courting death if he fought Emperor Wu with his Undying Body. Emperor Wu didn't even look at him and immediately gave chase.

Gu Chensha used his will to erase much of the governor's daughter's memories. Only she knew that she had been deceived by the demon and that the Celestial Pacification Bureau had chased after the demon. He also followed Emperor Wu to chase after Dou Nineteen.

Dou Nineteen used some unknown escape technique that allowed him to move extremely quickly. In a few flashes, he had already left the Divine Continent and was flying toward the sea.

"Is he thinking of returning to Precious Jade Nation?

The members of the Eternal Extermination Alliance in the Precious Jade Nation can't even withstand a single blow from me and Martial Emperor. Does he really think that they can protect him? "Gu Chensha unleashed his speed and pursued.

The direction in which Dou Nineteen escaped was not in the direction of Precious Jade Nation, but the other side of the sea.

After fleeing for a full hour, Dou Nineteen had no idea where he was at. Everywhere he looked was a vast ocean with raging waves. The skies were filled with dark clouds and thunder and lightning. The waves on the sea were towering like mountains. Even the Yongchō's Starshark Warship would be overturned by such a storm.

Precious Jade Nation was not in the depths of the sea. The true depths of the sea were unpredictable. The demons who lived there were much stronger than those on land. There were even many cultivators who opened up cave abodes at the bottom of the sea in search of peace. Moreover, there were many more spiritual herbs, minerals, and ancient relics at the bottom of the sea than on land.

Other than that, there were even traces of ancient civilizations sinking in the depths of the sea due to the upheaval.

In many myths and legends and the history of the Immortal Dao, the vicissitudes of time were not repeated. Millions, tens of millions, or even hundreds of millions of years ago, no one knew what had happened. Even the three Celestial Lords were born less than 100,000 years ago. That was the prehistoric era.

The history of the Land of Infinity could not be calculated in hundreds of millions or even billions of years. Compared to the history of the world, any cultivator's life was incomparably short.

Before the prehistoric era, many civilizations were born, and some of them were even more powerful than the Yongchō. Some ancient records said that some civilizations were able to create machines, travel through space, and even use machines to reach the stars.

However, because they were too unscrupulous, they destroyed the order of the world and finally caused a collapse, causing an unprecedented catastrophe. All civilizations were destroyed, and the universe returned to the prehistoric era. No one knew whether these ancient legends were true or not.

In any case, even the three Celestial Lords could not use the Time Reversal Technique to see the situation before the prehistoric era. Those were some lost civilizations.

When Gu Chensha saw the sea, he suddenly thought of the vicissitudes of time and the lost civilizations. He did not know where this emotion came from. At this time, Martial Emperor suddenly made his move.

Originally, Martial Emperor could tear apart space and catch up to Dou Nineteen. However, when he was chasing, he did not use the Seamless Two Realms technique. Instead, he used ordinary escape techniques. Gu Chensha knew that Martial Emperor was experienced and was afraid that Dou Nineteen would retaliate. Even a rabbit would bite when it was cornered, let alone the son of a Celestial Lord.

When a smart wolf hunted, it would chase its prey until it was exhausted before attacking. Otherwise, even a gentle antelope would use its sharp horn to pierce through the wolf's stomach at the most crucial moment!

Martial Emperor chased for an hour and seemed to have seen through something on Dou Nineteen. He suddenly attacked. Instantly, the space collapsed, and Gu Chensha was sucked into it.

Luckily, Gu Chensha was prepared. He sensed the Common People's Wish sphere and wrapped himself with a power to prevent himself from being devoured by the shattered space.

This was a technique of the 28 Transformations of the Dao Realm, Vacuum Shattering. It completely shattered the space in an area and absorbed the power of space into the body to refine it. This caused the power of time and space to be infused into the magical power in preparation for the future realm. The 27 Transformations of Seamless Two Realms was just tearing open space. After 28, it was about shattering space, digesting vacuum, and merging in spiritual power.

Only when one reached this realm would one be able to merge with the power of time and space like the Grotto-Heaven Ritual.

If one tried to merge with the power of space before reaching 28 Transformations, one would die. No one would be able to let someone with low cultivation merge with it. Apart from the Heavenly Dao, no one would be able to do so.

If Gu Chensha didn't have the protection of the Common People's Wish sphere, Martial Emperor would be able to shatter him with just one move.

Based on the Common People's Wish sphere in the past, its power wouldn't be able to reach here. But this sphere was different from before. It had transformed many times and its range had increased.

"Talisman!"

At that moment, Dou Nineteen, who was swept into the shattered space storm, hollered. Another treasure appeared. This treasure was actually an umbrella. When the umbrella appeared, many golden characters appeared on it, suppressing the spatial storm.

"Heavenless Umbrella!" When Martial Emperor saw the golden umbrella appear, he was shocked, "Xiantian treasure." "Heavenless Umbrella?"

Gu Chensha was also shocked. This treasure had shaken the Three Realms in the Primordial Age. Legend had it that when this umbrella was opened, one wouldn't be afraid of any Heavenly Tribulations. According to legend, this treasure had been on the head of the ancient Buddha when he was born. Later on, the Buddha disappeared, and so did the umbrella.

"Hmph, this isn't the Heavenless Umbrella. It's just a projection refined from a trace of aura.

With your strength, you won't be able to activate the real Heavenless Umbrella. This treasure has no offensive power, but it has absolute defense. No disasters or tribulations will be able to strengthen you. But from the looks of it, this umbrella has probably fallen into the hands of the three Celestial Venerables. This umbrella itself has a spiritual nature. Although it's not as strong as the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, it's not that far off. How could it be controlled by you? " "Break for me!" All of a sudden, he unleashed his power again. Crack!