Chapter 738
===========

Genius One Second Remember "→ Net", providing you with exciting novels to read. Chapter 735: Opponent Gu Chensha was giving Fa Wuxian one last chance. Unfortunately, Fa Wuxian was unmoved. Even in such a bad situation, he was still hoping for a fluke. Gu Chensha would not let him go.

The Dharma Saint was going to wreak havoc in the world. He wanted to forcefully carry out the "Spirit Demon Plan". This was to exterminate the human race and carry out a blood change. In the future, all humans would have the bloodline of the Spirit Demon. Perhaps the Dharma Saint had his own considerations. He hoped to completely eliminate the Demon Disaster in the future. But in this sense, eliminating the Demon Disaster was a more powerful tribulation than the Demon Disaster.

No one would have thought that the first Saint of the ancient times, who had created the law and order of the human race and made the human race strong, would now plan to exterminate the human race. It could be seen that the Dharma was ruthless.

From this, Gu Chensha also understood that the way of governing a country could not be completely based on the Dharma.

As for what else to rely on, whether it was love, virtue, reason, or strength, it all required careful exploration and a long period of management.

In short, this Fa Wuxian could not be left alive. Otherwise, he would wholeheartedly go against the imperial court. Not to mention strengthening the power of the Dharma Saint, even if he was devoured by the Dharma Saint in the future and allowed the Dharma Saint to obtain the Infinity Treasure, he would be a greater threat to the imperial court.

As long as one was at the Heavenly Lord level, they would be able to communicate with the Three Realms. Not only would they be able to calculate exquisitely, they would also be able to sense the Infinity Treasure. The Dharma Saint might even be able to vaguely guess that Fa Wuxian was the reincarnation of the Infinity Treasure.

"Gu Chensha, make your move. I want to see how powerful your Heavenly Dao is. Can you break the defense of my Infinity Umbrella? I am the reincarnation of the Infinity Thirty-Six Treasures. I have great luck. I am the son of the Land of Infinity, the son of the Heaven Realm. There are thirty-six sons of the Heaven Realm, and I am one of them. I have just obtained this treasure not long ago. I will definitely not die young. The Heaven Realm will also not allow me to die prematurely. My birth has great karma. As long as the karma is not over, I will always be the overlord. "Fa Wuxian was ready for battle.

"Fa Wuxian, hearing your words, I know that you're already a cripple. You actually placed your hopes on karma, identity, fate, and luck.

It can be seen that your heart is already completely timid, and you have no confidence in your own cultivation.

Karma, fate, destiny, and destiny are all important. However, what is most important is the determination to sever everything. If you lose that, then you will never be able to reach the Celestial Realm. "As Gu Chensha spoke, he made his move.

He gathered the mana in his palm and slapped it out. Suddenly, a dazzling light screen appeared in front of him. It was as though the entire col had turned into a golden ocean. Within the golden ocean, countless Buddhas appeared. These Buddhas were chanting mantras, and the mantras were trying to persuade Fa Wuxian to convert. The Great Human Creation Scripture. This was one of the top techniques that Gu Chensha created himself.

In the past, Gu Chensha used this to manage the Small God Province and suppress the ocean. Who knew how many celestial cultivators he converted and how many living beings in the ocean turned into humans?

Later on, Gu Chensha obtained all the Buddhist Sect's teachings. Along with many secret techniques, he comprehended and merged them to form even more scriptures and powers. He was going to use his Heaven Path Technique to activate this scripture to convert Fa Wuxian.

Fa Wu Xian was the reincarnation of the endless thirty-six treasures. He himself contained true great destiny, great fortune, great fortune, great karma, and great tribulations.

If Gu Chensha could enlighten such an important person in the future, it would be equivalent to using his own power to suppress some kind of derivative of the Heaven Realm in the unseen world. That way, Gu Chensha's cultivation would be able to improve greatly.

He might even be able to reach Dao Realm 30 Transformation, World Creation, and it wouldn't be surprising for him to reach God Realm.

Gu Chensha had been stuck at the Dao Realm 29 Transformation, Comprehend Chaos, for a long time but he found it hard to break through. Luckily, he helped Martial Saint break through to Heaven Lord Realm and he also experienced jumping out of the Three Realms and not being in the Five Elements.

He still hadn't digested this experience and he could use this chance to convert Fa Wuxian to break through.

There were no immortals in the method of expiation. He was challenging the might of the Heavenly Realm in the unseen world. People who were reincarnated by the 36 treasures were the same as the Son of the Heaven Realm.

Gu Chensha wanted to use his own cultivation to convert the Son of the Heaven Realm, which meant that he was going against the will of the Heaven Realm. Naturally, this was a huge training opportunity. If he could convert Fa Wuxian, he would be able to reach God Realm.

"Gu Chensha, you are so bold to actually want to convert me.

You want to turn me into a zombie that listens to your Calming Celestial Department's arrangements. "

Fa Wuxian's body moved, and the Umbrella of Infinity in the middle of his brows flew out. It opened up and blocked the golden light that covered the sky. Rumble!

The golden light was like a universe tide that struck the Endless Umbrella and tried to break its defense to buff Fa Wuxian's body.

"Gu Chensha, you want to use your own strength to convert me?"

When Fa Wuxian saw that the Endless Umbrella could block it, he calmed down, "If you have the ability, then don't use the power of the Paramita Golden Mountain and the Common People's Wish Sphere.

We will use our own cultivation to fight and decide the victor. If I lose, then I will agree to your conditions and join your Calming Celestial Department. If you lose, then you will leave right away. How about that? "

Fa Wuxian knew that Gu Chensha had the support of two dimensional realms and was extremely powerful. Even if he obtained the Endless Umbrella, he still wouldn't be able to block it. But if Gu Chensha didn't use these powers and just relied on his own cultivation, Fa Wuxian was confident that he could defeat his opponent.

"As you wish." Gu Chensha knew that this was Fa Wuxian's provocation, but he didn't care.

This time, he had to use the opportunity of subduing Fa Wuxian to break through to the Deity realm. If he used the power of the two dimensional realms, he could easily subdue Fa Wuxian. But that would be meaningless. Compared to obtaining the Endless Umbrella and advancing to the Deity realm, advancing to the Deity realm was naturally more important.

Right now, his strength was at the 29 Transformations and he had comprehended the Primal Chaos. By relying on the cultivation of the Heavenly Dao Arts, he could deal with experts at the 35 Transformations or even the 36 Transformations. But against a Heavenly Venerable, he would definitely die.

But if he could advance to the Deity realm and condense the Heavenly Dao Arts into a world, that world could even be called a Small Heaven Realm.

The Endless Land was the true Heaven Realm. Only the essence of the Heavenly Dao could condense such a vast and boundless world.

But although Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Arts couldn't be compared to the true Heavenly Dao, it still contained the characteristics of the Heavenly Dao. After he advanced to the Deity realm, the world that he condensed would be the Small Heaven Realm. At that time, the power would be something that his current magic power couldn't compare with.

"Hahaha, since that's the case, let's have a good fight."

Fa Wuxian roared, "In the past, we haven't really fought to our heart's content. I hope that today's battle will let everyone know that I, Fa Wuxian, will not lose to you with my true strength. The reason why you, Gu Chensha, are in the Wei Jia Sea is all because of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor."

As he let out a long howl, the Infinity Umbrella spun fiercely and released the mantra of the "Great People's Salvation Scripture". It directly attacked Gu Chensha.

"Lawless, immortal, and human. Slay!" Weng …

A blade appeared in Fa Wuxian's hand. The blade shone brightly and it was similar to the Blade of Law Enforcement that was confiscated, but there were some differences.

This blade wasn't a physical body but was formed by Fa Wuxian's will. As the blade swallowed and changed, it contained Fa Wuxian's deepest comprehension of his cultivation path.

The blade had already arrived in front of Gu Chensha's body. It slashed through his defense and seeped into his body like it wanted to split Gu Chensha in the middle and then shatter him into pieces.

Fa Wuxian's realm was several levels higher than Gu Chensha's. Right now, he was at the 32 changes of the Dao Realm, 'One Thought Connects to Heaven'. He was just a single step away from the 33 changes of the 'Truth Saint Heart', and he also had the Endless Umbrella. Against Gu Chensha, as long as he didn't activate the power of his dimensional realm, he had absolute confidence that he could defeat him. The blade closed in. Gu Chensha stretched out his finger and flicked it. Dang! His finger hit the blade of the saber without missing an inch. The entire blade shattered.

Fa Wuxian charged forwards and punched 36 times. Each fist contained a weird power. This power either twisted, spun, pulled, shook, or pierced. Each fist had 36 powers. They combined and changed with one another to try to rip apart Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha unleashed another palm strike. It was simple and unadorned, but it sealed off all of Fa Wuxian's transformations. Fa Wuxian was unable to display any of his power.

This was the Common People Heaven Mending Technique that Gu Chensha's clumsy fist had evolved into. Even the clumsiest person could fix the flaws in the heavens. This was what Gu Chensha believed in.

He sealed all of Fa Wuxian's changes with one palm. He stood up, his palm turned into a fist and he lightly pushed forwards.

With this gesture, it was as if the mountains and rivers, the lives of the people, the rise and fall of the world, the history of a thousand years, and the myriad of tribulations of emotions were all given to Fa Wuxian. With a gentle gesture, it contained an unbearable weight of utmost importance, an immeasurable amount of karma. Swoosh!

Fa Wuxian's expression changed. He actually felt that his opponent's gentle punch seemed to have sent the entire universe over. His instinct told him that if he continued to take it, he would be crushed into pieces.

"I don't believe it!

I am Fa Wuxian, I am the reincarnation of the Endless Umbrella. I am proud of the Divine Land and no one can oppress me. " Fa Wuxian didn't dodge. He used all of his power and punched out to take on Gu Chensha's attack. Rumble!

As the fists collided, an explosion occurred. A storm of energy surged and tore apart the space-time here. It broke through the world's crystal wall and teleported to the depths of the space-time turbulence.

Under Fa Wuxian's punch, the Endless Umbrella trembled violently. It seemed like it couldn't withstand the destruction of the storm.

Beneath the umbrella, his body directly exploded, transforming into a clump of distorted Origin Energy. Only after several breaths of time did his body reform. Fa Wuxian, who had reformed, had an ugly expression on his face. If it wasn't for the protection of the Endless Umbrella, he would have been killed by Gu Chensha. Mobile users, please browse M. Read for a better reading experience.

(Important notice: Please use the free app of this site. There are no ads, no errors, and fast updates. Members are synchronized with the bookshelf. Please follow the official WeChat account. Xuanhuan11 (Press and hold for three seconds to copy) Install phone reader!