Chapter 648
===========

Dou Yiyu mocked him for his low realm and ignorance of the heavens. Gu Chensha roared with laughter.

"What are you laughing at?" Dou Yiyu asked.

"I don't understand the Three Great Celestial Venerables' vision? Miss Yiyu, I think you're the one who doesn't understand.

Don't forget that I'm someone who has cultivated the Heavenly Dao. I understand the Heavenly Dao the best. You've all covered your eyes to see the world, but I've also opened them. If we're talking about the future of the heavens, none of you can compare to me.

What caused you to be so arrogant and conceited that you actually dare to look down on someone who has cultivated the Heavenly Dao? "Gu Chensha seized the key point of the question and counterattacked. Instead, he mocked Dou Yiyu for not understanding the Heavenly Dao.

"You have a sharp tongue. No wonder my little brother was fooled by you. He's no match for you at all. "

Dou Yiyu was unmoved. "The Heavenly Dao is wondrous, but you're only relying on your father's bloodline. You didn't refine it yourself. From a certain perspective, you're nothing more than a profligate son of a rich family. You're much older than my little brother, and you have nothing to brag about. " "Alright, let's not argue."

Gu Chensha saw that words couldn't sway Dou Yiyu's heart, so he dropped the matter. "Miss Yiyu, what important matter did you come to the Central Divine Prefecture for this time? Can you tell me? After all, my Department of Tranquility is the master of the Central Divine Prefecture. " "The master of the Central Divine Prefecture?"

Dou Yiyu pointed at the Department of Law. "The Dharma Saint has already cultivated a dimensional realm. I'm sure you know that as well. Moreover, he's joining forces with the Sky Devil Tribe and will trigger a second Devil Calamity. Your position is in danger, so why are you still talking about being the master of the Central Divine Prefecture?"

"We'll deal with whatever comes our way. There's nothing to worry about. The Dharma Saint has brought about his own destruction, and no one can stop him."

Gu Chensha said, "I rather admire the Three Great Celestial Venerables on this point. They seem to sense some threat and haven't come out to stir up trouble. They're not as shallow as the Dharma Saint."

"I'll tell you the truth. I came to the Central Divine Prefecture this time to obtain a few crucial treasures. I'll kill anyone who tries to stop me. The Tranquil Immortal Department is no exception."

Dou Yiyu said, "The greatest power of your Calming Immortal Division is that dimensional realm. I can also stimulate the strength of that dimensional realm, so all of your Calming Immortal Division's trump cards are in my grasp.

Besides, you still have Wan Senshi and Dharma Saint eyeing you covetously. If you offend me, I, Wan Senshi, and Dharma Saint will join hands, and Tranquil Immortal Department will immediately be annihilated. "

"Wan Senshi doesn't care about your meager strength at all. In fact, he doesn't even care about the Three Great Heavenly Venerables." Gu Chensha didn't seem to care about Dou Yiyu's words at all. "So, I think we can cooperate? What do you think? "

The Three Great Heavenly Venerables had definitely formed their own dimensional realms. As the number one subordinate of the Three Great Heavenly Venerables, it wasn't impossible for this Dou Yiyu to use the strength of a dimensional realm. But, there were bound to be many restrictions. Even so, Gu Chensha didn't want to recklessly fight with Dou Yiyu right now.

Moreover, he could feel that Dou Yiyu didn't want to fight either. After all, if she angered the Tranquil Immortal Department then she wouldn't be able to withstand it. The eruption of all the power of the Tranquil Immortal Department's dimensional realm made her feel a sense of danger.

"Cooperate? What kind of cooperation?

You plundered my little brother's memories and took away the Dragon Raising Cultivation Technique and Dragon Creation Technique. I still haven't settled this old debt with you. "

Dou Yiyu said, "It seems a bit too late to talk about cooperation now. But, I still want to hear just what kind of cooperation you have in mind."

"In truth, my cooperation is very simple. You help me deal with Wan Senshi and Dharma Saint," Gu Chensha said.

As Dou Yiyu heard these words, it was like he had heard the most ridiculous language in the world. "Have you lost your mind? You actually want me to help you deal with Wan Senshi and Dharma Saint? " "I haven't finished what I have to say."

Gu Chensha said, "First, Wan Senshi and Dharma Saint will definitely become enemies of the three Celestial Venerables in the future. You will definitely fight each other in the future. Even without the Tranquil Immortal Department, you will definitely fight each other to the death. If my guess is correct, you have already begun planning to deal with them.

This time, when the Dharma Saint ascended to a dimensional realm, the three Celestial Venerables also wanted to make a move. However, the Dharma Saint beat them to it, causing them to fall short of success. " "That seems to make a bit of sense. Continue. What's the second point?" Dou Yiyu said.

"The second point is very crucial."

Gu Chensha came out with a heavy temptation. "That is, if you help me, I can help you ascend to the Celestial Venerable Realm. You will be able to jump out of the Three Realms and out of the Five Elements. How about it?" "What?"

Sure enough, upon hearing these words, Dou Yiyu's eyes flickered, as if his heart were surging with excitement. "Gu Chensha, are you joking?" "I'm not joking. It's true."

Gu Chensha said, "I know that you have always pursued the path of becoming an Celestial Venerable. You should know how difficult this path is, and even the three Celestial Venerables do not have the ability to help you ascend to the same boundary as them. But what they cannot do, I have a way. You should also know that I have cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art. As my boundary rises, I gain unfathomable abilities. If I ascend to the God realm, even you will have to flee. In addition, you should also know that the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree was once in my hands. Now, although that Decree has fallen into Wu Dangkong's hands, as long as she carries out the sacrificial ceremony, I can still share half of the benefits."

As he spoke, Gu Chensha's palms moved. Countless rays of light appeared. Within these rays of light, a sun and moon appeared. They reflected each other, shining brilliantly, able to compete with the true sun and moon for light.

"Sun and Moon Shine Together!"

Dou Yiyu recognized that this was the "Sun and Moon Shine Together" of the Son of Heaven's God Investiture Technique. She had heard that Gu Chensha had once obtained the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree, but she had never seen it with her own eyes. Now, she finally believed that the rumors were true.

"Yes, this is the Sun and Moon Shine Together."

Gu Chensha said, "Actually, we are now helping Chang Weiyang ascend to the Celestial Venerable Realm. If you don't believe me, just wait. But if Chang Weiyang ascends to the Celestial Venerable Realm, we won't need your help anymore. She can assist in the dimensional realm, but it won't be as powerful as it is now. " "Hmm?" Dou Yiyu's eyes pierced through the void and she saw a shocking scene.

In the depths of the boundless space-time turbulence, a huge sphere of the Common People's Wish slowly rotated. Then, a huge tree grew out of the sphere. This tree kept extending in the depths of the space-time turbulence. Then, several worlds flew over and hung on the branches of the tree. It was the Taiyi Heavenly Palace, a small chiliocosm of the Taiyi Mystical Sect. The Universe Mystic Gate's Minor Chiliocosm, the Universe Thunder Pool. The Sky Dance Mystic Gate's Minor Chiliocosm, the Mystic Magic Lotus Realm.

From afar, the Sky Dance Mystic Gate's Minor Chiliocosm looked like a huge lotus that grew in the depths of the space-time turbulence and absorbed nutrients.

Now, this lotus was growing on the Calming Immortal Department's World Tree and radiating all sorts of colors.

It was rumored that the Mystic Magic Lotus Realm of the Sky Dance Mystic Gate was a Connate Cardinal Treasure. The Ancestral Master of the Sky Dance Mystic Gate, the Dance God, had obtained a lotus-shaped Connate Numinous Treasure from the Hong Meng Tree. After countless years of cultivation, it had transformed into the Mystic Magic Lotus Realm. The might of this realm wasn't inferior to the Universe Thunder Pool or the Taiyi Heavenly Palace. Because of this, the Sky Dance Mystic Gate had once taken second place.

It could be said that the Three Great Mystic Gates took turns to be the banker. They would exchange places for the second place to pose a threat to the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

Now, the Three Great Mystic Gates had actually started to merge with the Calming Immortal Department. Their powers interacted and complemented each other, forming a massive system.

Boundless power was stimulated from this massive system and directly poured into the Minor Divine Prefecture. Rumble! The Minor Divine Prefecture had actually started to upgrade into a Minor Chiliocosm.

The Minor Divine Prefecture had devoured so many supreme treasures and gathered so many talents. However, it had a shallow foundation and couldn't upgrade in a short period of time. Now, with the help of the World's Will Sphere and the Three Great Mystic Gates, it had immediately upgraded.

The Three Great Mystic Gates had accumulated a great deal of world energy. At this moment, they had fused and complemented each other to maximize their power.

"What do you think?"

The reason why Gu Chensha came to Dou Yiyu, tempted him and pressured him at this moment was for this effect. "Now that the Heavenly Dance Mystic Gate, the Taiyi Fantasy Gate and the Universe Profound Sect have combined with our Minor Divine Prefecture, the world energy flows with each other. This is in line with the foundation of humanity, such as the circulation of commerce.

The Three Great Mystic Sects store their own resources like how ordinary clans store grains and treasures. If they are kept in the warehouse, they will grow moldy. What's the use of not circulating?

Now, I've established this alliance with the World Tree as the foundation to allow the world to circulate. This is the supreme truth that I've comprehended from humanity. It's perfect for the Profound Mystic Gates. What do you think? " "Impressive."

Dou Yiyu observed for a long while, then withdrew his gaze. "Your Celestial Tranquility Department is quite impressive. Now that you've formed an alliance with the Three Great Mystic Gates, you can communicate with each other. Not only will you be nourished, but you'll also be able to make the best use of your resources. I admit that I've underestimated you, but I'd like to know what method you're going to use to help me become a celestial master. If you can't give me a good explanation, I'll take you as a liar. "

"I've obtained all of the Dharma Saint's comprehensions. I know how he resurrected and resisted the call of the Heavenly Dao. Of course, that's just one aspect.

Besides that, I've also obtained all of the secrets of Wan Senshi's Minor World Tree. I've also obtained all of Lord of Seven Stars Jiang Gongwang's memories, as well as the secrets of the Xing Qiong Clan's Heaven-defying Mutation Pill. "

"That's not enough for me to become a celestial master. It's just some comprehension. It's not a big change." Dou Yiyu shook his head.