Chapter 407
===========

Fa Wuxian was a "natural born saint". Since ancient times, he had always been one of the most talented existences. At the same level, he could crush any opponent.

But now, Gu Chensha was able to match or even defeat Fa Wuxian at the Nineteen Transformation, Size Manipulation, at the Twenty-Two Transformation, Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. This was a miracle among miracles. Nothing like this had ever happened in history.

Most importantly, Gu Chensha's current aptitude was that of a peerless genius, not a natural-born saint.

Suppressing a higher level existence with a lower level of aptitude, this in itself had the characteristics of an "anomaly".

Over the past few days, Gu Chensha had obtained a very small portion of Xing Qiong's memories, which contained many secrets of Divergents. After gathering these secrets, he had refined his own Dao of Divergents.

"The Baoyu Nation is a hidden danger right now. An Adjudicator is living there with the cultivators of the Everlasting Extermination Alliance, which could lead to a disaster at any time. But if we exterminate them, it will alarm the three Celestial Sovereigns. But if we don't exterminate them, the fate of the entire Baoyu Nation will change. Our painstaking efforts for so long will be for naught, and the thousands of second and third rate sects that we worked so hard to subdue will also fall apart when they see this situation."

Gu Chensha had a decisive look on his face. "We have to kill these people and punish them openly. We have to show the world how determined we are."

"I've already asked Jin Suibo about that young man. He's also one of the Adjudicators. His name is Dou Nineteen, and he's the 19th son of Celestial Lord Victorious. He's strong, probably not any weaker than Jing Qiu."

Zhuge Ya said, "This person can change a lot and has thousands of identities. No one knows which one is him. His reputation in the immortal dao is terrifying, and many big sects fear him. Because he once disguised many identities and snuck into the immortal dao as a disciple. Even the Saints didn't notice him. I wouldn't be surprised if he could sneak into the court. " "Even if he did, he only did so in recent years. When father was around, he didn't have any chance."

Gu Chensha was interested. "Good fellow, he is actually ranked 19. I am also ranked 19. Doesn't that mean we are facing each other?"

"We have to be careful of one thing, and that is that this person might be able to infiltrate our Calming Immortal Department. For example, if he were to change his identity and become Long Zaifei and the others, we wouldn't be able to tell at all. This is because he has consumed an Innate Spiritual Medicine known as the Transformation Fruit, which was also born from the Primordial Tree. Although it is far from being comparable to the Primordial Fruit, it can enhance the transformation of one's body and harmonize with the heavens and the earth. It is far more powerful than the transformation of the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth."

Dao Realm 22 Changes, Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth, could change anything in the world. For example, if you turned into a mosquito, you would look exactly the same. But the nature of the change was still spiritual power. If you met an expert of the same level, you would be able to sense it.

If a cultivator swallowed a Transformation Fruit and turned into a mosquito, even a Saint wouldn't be able to see through it.

Such a person was really terrifying. He could mix into the enemy's camp and even cause chaos and it would be hard to notice.

For example, if this person killed Long Zaifei and the others and turned into him, wouldn't that be really terrifying?

"We have to kill Dou Nineteen!"

Gu Chensha felt his hair stand on end. "Even if this person isn't as strong as Jing Qiu, he is much more terrifying than Jing Qiu." "That's right, I am thinking of a way to lock onto this person and prevent him from hiding."

Zhuge Ya laughed coldly. "I am sure that this person wants to infiltrate our department, but how can we let him do that?

However, it won't be easy to kill him. He has many clones and he definitely won't show his true body to anyone. " "Such a person is really hard to deal with."

Gu Chensha frowned. "I have to think of a way to break through to the 20th transformation. Although I am strong now, I haven't comprehended my Dharmic power. There are many things I can't do." "There is no need to be anxious, Your Highness."

Zhuge Ya said, "Since we found the traces of the Eternal Extermination Alliance and the Adjudicators, we can secretly observe them and find traces of Dou Nineteen.

I just need to improve further and cultivate a secret art. With the help of the Interstellar Burial Coffin, I will be able to see through this person's disguise. " "The most important thing now is the Demon Realm."

Gu Chensha said, "The immortal cultivators of the Everlasting Extermination Alliance are also waiting. They're waiting for a large number of devils to gather in the Demon Realm and erupt into a Demon Calamity. Only then will they act."

"They are waiting for the demon calamity to erupt in the Demon Realm. That is when the world will descend into chaos."

Zhuge Ya said, "Since ancient times until now, every demon calamity in the Demon Realm has been the first to take the lead." "What's the logic behind this?"

Tai Mang Di asked while cultivating, "Logically speaking, those demons are not fools. They know that once they come out, they will be the first to be suppressed, so why do they still take the lead?"

"This is the result of the demonic nature in the Demon Realm. It is also the result of the evil power in the world boiling, driving the demons to come out and devour all living beings, just like a volcano eruption. That is the accumulation of energy underground, and no matter what, it cannot be suppressed, it will burst out of the ground and cause all kinds of disasters."

Zhuge Ya's analogy of a volcano eruption was quite vivid, "Moreover, the first demon to initiate the demon calamity will be able to obtain the destiny to pave the way. This has been the case since ancient times. Many low-level demons have the qualifications to become Demon Gods through chance encounters." "That's true.

Just like Jing Qiu, being the first to pave the way is not about success or failure, but to obtain the destiny. "

Gu Chensha understood this theory. Since ancient times, when one fought for supremacy in the human world, being the first to rebel basically meant that one wouldn't succeed. Opening the path for the true king would just end up helping others. But in the world, the people who started some huge things were different and could obtain some luck. Of course, it was really dangerous, but this was a huge opportunity. Only in chaotic times could heroes be born.

"Princess Yuefu and Liu Yu and the other four are still fighting in the Demon Region. Liu Yu and the other four have successfully reached Dao Realm 20 Transformation, Gathering and Scattering Impermanence. They have cultivated strength and protected the altar. Who knows how many demons they have killed? Princess Yuefu is now an expert of the 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth. "

Zhuge Ya said, "They are enough to delay the demon beasts in the Infernal domain. Your Highness, why don't you take this opportunity to sweep away the hidden dangers around our fief? Wipe out all of the demonic apes in the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple and expand the area of our fief. At the same time, you can also test the strength of the Monster Race to avoid being attacked from both sides."

"If you didn't mention this, I would have forgotten about it. How can I allow others to sleep on my side?"

Gu Chensha nodded his head, "Last time, I wanted to clear out the Monster and Barbarian Army but due to a series of things, it was delayed. This time, I might as well just deal with it. The forest at the border of our land is filled with Blood Demon Apes. They are really vicious and often eat people. Wipe them out and use them to nourish the Heaven Monster Tree. As for the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple, Yuan Shasheng, and the others, we have to capture them all." Sou! He flew out.

The Monster and Barbarian Army combined and became really restless, threatening the land. Last time, Gu Chensha wanted to solve this matter and even obtained the Vermillion Bird Egg. That was because of Que Ying 'er and Que Huang' er's plan. In the end, they lost the Vermillion Bird Egg and didn't get any benefits at all. But these demons didn't give up and sooner or later, they would cause a huge problem. Gu Chensha could solve all these things one by one. With his current abilities, he could wipe out the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple.

Last time, Que Ying 'er attacked the land and almost took away the Book of Heavenly Demon. This debt had to be settled.

There were a few hidden dangers in the world. The first was the outbreak of the Devil Disaster. The Calming Immortal Department was trying their best to stop it and kill as many demons as possible.

But this could only slow down the trend and couldn't stop the Devil Disaster from completely breaking out. There were many demons in the Devil Domain, there were billions of them. Even the many ancient sages couldn't stop it, let alone a small Calming Immortal Department. Secondly, the Monster and Barbarian Army had always wanted to counterattack.

Thirdly, it was the three Heavenly Venerables and the Celestial Dao Mystic Sect. Fourthly, it was Gu Tanjian, Wu Dangkong, the various thousand-year-old sage families, these treacherous officials and nobles of the imperial court with ulterior motives. Fifthly, it was the Great Wei Dynasty's plan and invasion. If these five problems were solved, the world would be at peace.

Gu Chensha decided to solve them one by one. The problem of the Monster and Barbarian Army was at the edge of the land. Because he had been fighting in the Devil Domain, dealing with Jing Qiu, condensing the Heavenly Demon Tree, communicating with the Xing Qiong Clan, and a series of other important matters, he had actually neglected this problem. Now that he was reminded by Zhuge Ya, he couldn't wait any longer. In the blink of an eye, he flew out of his own land.

At the edge of the land, there were still many small towns and the frontier business district. Many adventurers and merchants came here to buy and trade, attempting to venture deep into the wild forest to obtain treasures.

More importantly, this place was close to Gu Chensha's land and was also the foundation of the Calming Immortal Department. There were opportunities to obtain first-hand pills, armor, and weapons produced by the Calming Immortal Department.

Now, other than some pills and treasures, the Calming Immortal Department also manufactured mechanisms. For example, a wooden horse could actually carry things on its own and run for hundreds of miles. Their manufacturing skills seemed to have surpassed the Heavenly Craftsman Institute. The technology of mechanisms had reached a god-like level.

Gu Chensha flew high in the sky and turned into the size of a speck of dust. With a slight sweep, he could see everything at the border clearly. Although the Demonic Apes were hiding in the forest and gathering with the Barbarian Army, they did not have any intention of attacking. Perhaps they were also waiting for the Devil Disaster to break out.

"Don't touch these Demonic Apes and the Barbarian Army for now. Fly directly to the sky above the Demonic Ape Temple of Confusion and annihilate all the Barbarian Army. After that, transform the temple into a fief castle. At the same time, order the army to launch an attack on the Monster and Barbarian Army." Gu Chensha had already thought of a countermeasure.

To catch bandits, first capture the king. Destroy the temple in the center of the Monster and Barbarian Army and shake the morale of the Monster and Barbarian Army.

Gu Chensha did not plan to kill the ordinary Barbarian Army and Demonic Apes himself. Instead, he let the Calming Immortal Department's army do it. The main reason was to train the soldiers. Secondly, this was a rule that had been passed down since ancient times. Generally, experts would not attack low-level existences.