Chapter 786
===========

The Primordial Heart Demon was a legend, the origin of the Demon Dao. This demon was very strange. It did not have a real body, but existed in the hearts of all living beings. Wherever there were living beings, there would be the Primordial Heart Demon.

This realm was very mysterious. In fact, all living beings had spirituality and demonic nature in their hearts. The Primordial Heart Demon lived on the demonic hearts of all living beings.

However, it was unexpected that the Primordial Heart Demon was imprisoned by the Great Spirit God and refined into his own body. In other words, the Great Spirit God now also had the power of the Primordial Heart Demon and could use the demonic nature of all living beings as nourishment. Since that was the case, it was very terrifying.

"Division Head, there is something you do not know."

The Desolate Old Man said: "Although the Primordial Heart Demon is tyrannical and boundless, it is only at the Heavenly Longevity Realm. Legend has it that all living beings have a heart demon, and wherever there is a heart demon, there will be a Primordial Heart Demon. This is also an exaggeration. If it really has such a miraculous effect, then it is far beyond the Heavenly Primordial Realm.

The Primordial Heart Demon's ability is actually to absorb the heart demons of all living beings to strengthen itself. However, the Great Spirit God has devoured both the Voodoo Ancestor and the Primordial Heart Demon. If he controls the Desolate Dragon Gate, it will become a huge problem in the future.

Moreover, I also heard that the Great Spirit God is preparing a very big plan, which is to devour the Spiritual World, and then devour many Demon Domains to truly unite spirit and demon. In the eyes of the Great Spirit God, the Dharma Saint's Spirit and Demon Unity plan is just a small toy.

Now that the Great Spirit God has devoured the Primordial Heart Demon, he already has the foundation to devour many Demon Domains. If he is allowed to obtain the Children of Spirit and devour them, then his achievements will be extremely terrifying. " "Children of Spirit?"

Gu Chensha's eyes flickered: "You mean that the spirituality of the Spiritual World is also restless, and in the end, a powerful existence will be born, or perhaps it will reincarnate into the human world?

Almost ninety percent of the conflicts between heaven and earth originate from the confrontation between spirit and demon. In the human heart, spirituality and demon coexist, balancing each other.

With a strong spiritual nature, living beings could become immortals. With a strong demonic nature, living beings could become demons.

The Primordial Heart Devil is the Son of Devil. The Son of Spirit has never appeared since ancient times. It seems that he will appear in the great tribulation. However, even if the Son of Spirit appears, he will only be on the same level as the Primordial Heart Devil. He is still a few levels lower than the Sun-Moon Lord. "

"The Sun Moon Lord is naturally stronger than the Son of Spirit. Moreover, the Ancient Heavenly Sand was created from the conflict between the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the Heavenly Dao.

It has already surpassed the level of what I can understand. Of course, it is the same for the Chief as well. It can be seen that the world is in turmoil, the Great Path has fallen, and a new era is about to begin. Heroes are coming forth in large numbers, and we, the older generation, can only watch you achieve your goals. "

Old Man Desolation stroked his beard. "The Great Spirit God's futile struggle is futile. In front of you, it is all in vain."

"Hahahahaha!" Gu Chensha laughed loudly. "Well said, Senior. Our Calming Immortal Department is indeed going to create a new era. At the same time, we have to guard against the chain reaction caused by the collapse of the Heavenly Dao. I can see that Senior is a supreme existence that dominates the world. Why don't you join me in establishing a new order?"

"I also know that Chief is a hero of the current era. When the Heavenly Dao is about to fall, the myriad worlds will collapse, and the great tribulation is about to arrive. In the entire universe, only Chief can rebuild the Heavenly Dao and change the Heavenly Fate. This old man is willing to join you. However, this old man was born in the Desolate Dragon Sect, and I am deeply indebted to you!

Right now, the Desolate Dragon Sect is occupied by the Great Spirit God and is about to be devoured. I can do nothing about it. I can only hope that Chief can expel the Great Spirit God, kill him, and save the Dragon Sect. This old man vows to repay you with my life. I dare not slack off. " Old Man Desolation cupped his hands again.

"You are too polite."

When Gu Chensha saw Old Man Desolation's attitude, he hurriedly returned the greeting. "I wonder how Senior wants me to help? I am not familiar with the layout of the Desolate Dragon Sect. "

"With Chief's Heavenly Dao, you will definitely be able to cleanse your sins. As long as this old man works together with Chief, we can slowly plot. With Chief's supreme means, you can actually turn sins into merits. This is a supreme power.

The Desolate Dragon Sect can be saved. This old man will bring Chief into the Dragon Sect and set up an altar to awaken the will of the Desolate Dragon Sect. At the same time, killing The Great Spirit God is just a matter of time. Without the help of the Desolate Dragon Sect, The Great Spirit God is just a clown in front of Chief. You can easily capture him. "

In an instant, Old Man Desolation regained a certain spirit. It made people feel that he was not a senile old man, but a high-spirited young man.

"Oh?

With Senior's help, The Great Spirit God will not be able to escape from my hands. "Gu Chensha smiled again." Then shall we enter the Dragon Sect now? " "Chief, please." Old Man Desolation quickly said, "Please."

Gu Chensha was about to walk in. After three steps, he suddenly stopped at the entrance. With a smile that did not seem like a smile, he pulled Old Man Desolation back. "Senior, are you trying to trick me into entering the Desolate Dragon Sect? Are you working together with The Great Spirit God to set up a Great Killing Formation to kill me?"

Old Man Desolation was stunned. He forced a smile and said, "Chief, why do you say that? This old man working with The Great Spirit God is like asking a tiger for its skin.

Ancestor Sorcerer worked with The Great Spirit God and was directly devoured. As long as one has a bit of intelligence, they will not work with The Great Spirit God. On the other hand, the Tranquil Immortal Department is righteous and treats experts kindly. For example, the Longevity God was originally going against the Tranquil Immortal Department. However, not only did Chief not kill him, you even helped him obtain the position of the three True Gods. Now, he has all three fates and is enjoying bliss. How could I not know? "

"Senior does not come out, but you actually know about the matters of the world. You seem to know my Tranquil Immortal Department like the back of your hand."

Gu Chensha still did not enter the Desolate Dragon Sect. Of course, he would not believe this Old Man Desolation. "If it is as senior said, the Desolate Dragon Sect is in danger and needs to be saved, then senior should have come to my Tranquil Immortal Department early to show your sincerity. Why did senior only appear after I came to the Desolate Dragon Sect today? Clearly, you are discussing a plan with someone."

"Chief, do not be suspicious and delay matters. Because I am in charge of the Desolate Dragon Sect, it is difficult for me to come out. Naturally, I cannot inform you." Old Man Desolation suddenly flipped his hand and actually wanted to pull Gu Chensha into the depths of the Desolate Dragon Sect.

"Old thief, you actually showed your true colors. Even if you have a glib tongue, you cannot escape my eyes. Do you really think that you can deceive me just because I am young?"

Gu Chensha's body moved, but he was as stable as a mountain. No matter how Old Man Desolation pulled, he could not move him at all.

Instead, he moved his hand, and the Divine Land Gourd appeared. The mouth of the gourd was aimed at Old Man Desolation.

Immediately, the mouth of the gourd released a powerful suction force. It actually sucked Old Man Desolation into the air, and he was about to be sucked into the gourd.

Once Old Man Desolation was sucked into the Divine Land Gourd, no matter how strong he was, he would be crushed by the power of the Divine Land. Furthermore, Gu Chensha could tell that this Old Man Desolation was actually a clone. His true body was still in the depths of the Desolate Dragon Sect.

"Seems like Chief is too suspicious and not a wise master. What a pity."

At this moment, a majestic power of the five elements came from the depths of the Desolate Dragon Sect and poured into Old Man Desolation's body.

In an instant, Old Man Desolation's body seemed to have recovered its youth. His walnut-like skin became smooth, and his hair turned black. He stood tall and straight. In the blink of an eye, he had turned into a young man.

This young man's temperament also changed. He looked down on the world with disdain, domineering and invincible. He was still Old Man Desolation. To Old Man Desolation, time no longer had any meaning. Old Man Desolation had already defeated time.

"Ancient Fist of Desolation!"

This young man's black hair was like a waterfall, flying in all directions. As he clenched his fist, ten thousand dragons laughed maniacally as he punched out.

In the blink of an eye, this punch pierced through the river of time, severing the flow of time in the air. It struck the depths of space and time until the end of time. Bang!

With just one punch, the suction force of the Divine Land Gourd was completely broken, causing Gu Chensha to return empty-handed.

After that, Old Man Desolation punched out again. When the fist arrived, the sea flowed, the great dao trembled, the stars trembled, and ghosts and gods trembled in fear.

"Perfect timing!"

Gu Chensha roared, "As expected of Old Man Desolation, the master of the North Star Sect. Your fist technique is the culmination of the cycle of time. However, if you want to rely on this fist technique to deal with him, it's still a bit lacking. I dared to come here today because I've calculated all of this. You and The Great Spirit God are working together to divide the Dragon Gate. In fact, you're even more vicious than The Great Spirit God. You even want to scheme against him. Now that you're working together, you want to devour the other.

The Great Spirit God has absolute confidence in devouring you, and you have absolute confidence in devouring him. However, the two of you are still working together, using all sorts of methods to take advantage of the hole in the Dragon Gate. You want to devour an elephant? Do you think it'll be that easy? "

A dazzling light surged out from Gu Chensha's body and gathered into many pictures. Among them, there was the Divine Prefecture, the sun and moon, the primordial world, the other shore, and a supreme power that could revolutionize the heavenly fate. Gu Chensha also punched out.

This fist's aura was even stronger than Old Man Prehistoric's. It shook the air, destroying heaven and earth.

When the two fists collided, Old Man Prehistoric's fist completely collapsed. Even his body was blown away, transforming into a clump of five-elemental energy that retreated back into the depths of the Dragon Gate.

"You want to leave? If you don't leave behind this clone of yours, wouldn't I have lived up to my reputation? Wouldn't I be wasting my breath on you? "

Gu Chensha's hand reached out and grabbed the clump of innate five-elemental energy. Talismans flickered, and he stuffed it into the Divine Prefecture Gourd.

"Old Man Prehistoric, even this clone of yours can't do anything to Gu Chensha. Now it's my turn to be nourishment." Xing Qiongshi's voice came from the depths of the Divine Prefecture Gourd, mocking Old Man Prehistoric.

"Xing Qiongshi, you've been refined into a Divine Prefecture Gourd. That's a great humiliation. But don't worry, I'll save you."

Old Man Prehistoric ignored Xing Qiongshi's mockery. Instead, he said, "Xing Qiongshi, if you'd rather die in glory than live in dishonor, you won't lack a chance to escape." "Old Man Prehistoric, I'll gladly accept this clone of yours."

Gu Chensha sent the Heavenly Dao Art into the gourd. Gradually, the clone began to melt, and the Divine Prefecture Gourd's aura became even more mellow. A 19-year-old girl's masturbation exposed on a livestream platform! Follow the official WeChat account: meinvpai1 (long press for 3 seconds to copy)