Chapter 1103
============

() () Chapter 1098: The Six

"I didn't expect such figures to be born in the old world. Compared to them, Zhou Yang, Wei Jia, and even the previous Zhao Jiangshan, as well as many other outstanding figures, aren't even worth mentioning."

Seeing the six figures appear in the mirror world, the Fourth Gu Huasha had to admit that their strength and destiny were practically invincible. They even vaguely surpassed him. These six people were the supreme figures condensed from the current Great Era. They had an invincible destiny.

Out of the three thousand possible protagonists of the old world, these six had appeared. As for which of these six would be the final protagonist, no one knew.

"If I can refine these six, I'll truly be invincible. I might very well be able to completely contend against Gu Chensha, "said the Fourth Gu Huasha.

"Let's suppress and kill the Four Misters first," said the new world's will, Gu Xinjian.

"Let's do it quickly."

The Fourth Gu Huasha made an appointment with the new world's will, Gu Xinjian. His body changed again and he disappeared.

"My Lord, what do we do next?"

Zhang Xuangong came to his senses at this moment. He deeply felt the difference between his strength and these important figures'. A strong sense of indignation rose in his heart.

He roared in the depths of his heart, "Gu Huasha, how dare you humiliate me like this today. I swear I'll kill you. I, Zhang Xuangong, am the true protagonist, the true supreme existence. The other protagonists have all been killed by me! Devour! "

"Right now, I'm naturally cooperating with Gu Huasha. That person is quite talented, but he won't live for long. I can already see that his future is extremely miserable. It's very likely that he'll be devoured by a newcomer and destroyed. As for whether or not it's you, I can't tell."

The Will of the New World, Gu Xinjian, had a playful smile on his face. "This man is ambitious, but unfortunately, he chose the wrong path. His Lawless Plan is actually a hindrance to the progress of all living beings, and it will never succeed. But in the process, I can use this opportunity to deal a heavy blow to the Will of the Old World, and even Gu Chensha. If you do well, you can reach the Undying Realm in a single step, and once you reach the Undying Realm, you won't have to suffer the humiliation you suffered today." "I will definitely reach the Undying realm." Zhang Xuangong swore. Buzz … The two of them also disappeared in a flash.

"Hmm?

The destiny of heaven and earth is changing again. "Zhou Yang, who was in a castle, made some calculations and discovered many things.

"Mister Zhou Yang, what's wrong?" A mysterious smile appeared on Li Fusheng's face.

"The destiny of heaven and earth is changing. There seems to be a big movement, but after the River of Destiny collapsed, it's not convenient for me to calculate anymore." Zhou Yang frowned. "I feel that this matter has a huge impact on me. Who is it? What is it?

Could it be that Gu Chensha is doing something big again? But he's always been a bystander, and now he's less and less involved in the affairs of the Multiverse. It shouldn't be him, so who is it? "

"Mister Zhou Yang, what we need to do now is to keep devouring the Main Character candidates of the Old World. Unfortunately, after so long, I've found that the Main Character candidates of the Old World are getting fewer and fewer. There's almost no one left, but there isn't a single strong person in the world. What's going on?"

Li Fusheng was also a Main Character candidate of the Old World, but unfortunately, he didn't seem to find a similar person to devour, causing his cultivation to stagnate.

"The Old World is getting bigger and bigger. After the River of Destiny collapsed, the Karma Threads are completely gone. Even though I'm in the Undying Realm, I can't control the situation.

It's even more difficult to find any clues. I feel like the water in a pond has been stirred up. No one can tell what kind of big fish or dragon will emerge from it. It's so annoying. "Zhou Yang was indeed not feeling well.

Although he had been restricted by the river of fate, he had been able to use the clues in the river to divine many things. But now, both of his eyes were in the dark. The workings of heaven were in chaos.

"Then we can only take things slow and steady, and keep expanding our territory. Gather destiny, and rebuild order.

Li Fusheng said, "Since the River of Fate has collapsed, then we can rebuild it in our own territory. Gu Dusha created a River of Fate in the multiverse, including all living beings. Even Undying Realm experts can't escape his control. We don't have the ability to do that, but we can rebuild it in our own territory and take in the areas we control." "That's a good idea. As our territory expands, we can build the River of Destiny. We'll be able to get a lot of information. " Zhou Yang nodded. Suddenly, a wave of power spread out, and a small river was born. This small river was the River of Fate, a place that he and Li Fusheng jointly controlled.

Right now, they had control over a large area of the old world and countless dimensions. With the help of the bureaucracy, the two of them could build up the people's trust and influence and expand the River of Fate. As expected, the small River of Destiny was born, and countless heroes could be seen within it.

"Very good. Interesting. If I hadn't created the River of Destiny, I wouldn't have known that there were such powerful existences in my territory."

Li Fusheng looked closely and realized that some of the powerful existences had been hiding. But now, they could no longer hide, and had appeared in his territory. Some of them were even close to the level of the main characters of the Old World.

"How could there be such powerful existences?" Li Fusheng was shocked.

"Destiny is in chaos," Zhou Yang said. "The will of the old world can no longer control the situation. In the future, countless experts will be born. For example, I'm just an accident. You can't let your guard down in your empire. If you don't manage it well, it might be overthrown. Even I would be in danger of being killed. "

Once he reached the Invincible Deathless level, he would be at the peak of heaven and earth, and no one would be able to do anything to him. But after the River of Destiny had exploded, the world had been thrown into chaos, and countless powerful experts had been born.

Back when the Central Divine Prefecture and the Heaven Realm had still existed, there had been many fortuitous encounters, and many heroes had appeared. Later, the human world had been born, and the multiverse had been born.

Now, the new world and the Old World were at odds. The River of Destiny had exploded, and some strange things had been born. Back then, Zhou Yang had been unable to control the situation, and had instinctively sensed danger.

In the face of this danger, he could only control people, expand his territory, establish a powerful destiny, and strengthen his foundation.

"Dammit, if Gu Huasha hadn't secretly helped Wei Jia steal my Central Plains World, I could've refined the Central Plains Universe into a magical treasure, a Invincible Deathless treasure that would be far stronger than the average Invincible Deathless expert. Unfortunately, Gu Huasha and Wei Jia merged into the Old World, and I didn't get any benefits. "

When he thought about how his home had been taken by that junior Wei Jia, Zhou Yang wanted to tear him to shreds.

Unfortunately, it was useless. If he ran into Gu Huasha and Wei Jia, he probably wouldn't be a match for them.

After the River of Destiny had exploded, almost all of the experts had begun to work hard and rapidly develop themselves. The multiverse had entered a period of rapid growth.

Before anyone knew it, another thousand years had passed. After the River of Destiny had exploded, not even the major powers knew how many experts had been born in the multiverse.

During this time, the Fourth, Gu Huasha, and Wei Jia had completed their plans, and had begun to spread their net against Mister Ineffectual, Mister Heartless, Mister Ineffectual, and Mister Thoughtless.

In the skies above the multiverse, within a kingdom of nothingness, the Fourth, Gu Huasha, Wei Jia, and Zhang Xuangong were present. The will of the new world.

"Gu Xinjian." "After a thousand years, I've finally finished my preparations."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, said, "My Daoless Formless Diagram has been successfully refined, but this subordinate of yours has yet to reach the Invincible Deathless Realm. He's stuck at the most critical juncture. How useless." "You!" Zhang Xuangong was seething with anger, but there was nothing he could do.

In truth, the Fourth, Gu Huasha, had intentionally said that Zhang Xuangong was useless not to create hatred, but to sow discord between Zhang Xuangong and Gu Xinjian. He could already tell that Zhang Xuangong didn't want to submit to Gu Xinjian's suppression, just like how Gu Xinjian didn't want to be controlled by Gu Chensha. Zhang Xuangong was an ambitious person, and he had a rebellious streak in his mind.

The more the Fourth, Gu Huasha, humiliated him, the more he hated the new world's will, Gu Xinjian. Zhang Xuangong even had thoughts of devouring Gu Xinjian.

"Alright." The new world's will, Gu Xinjian, didn't seem to have any reaction. "Let's begin."

In truth, he didn't feel anything about the Fourth, Gu Huasha, trying to sow discord. On the contrary, he found it laughable. The way he saw it, Zhang Xuangong was nothing more than a pawn, not even a slave. He definitely wouldn't care about what Gu Huasha thought.

Moreover, Zhang Xuangong himself was actually a vessel. At the most critical moment, the new world's will, Gu Xinjian, would devour him, turning him into a human with his own soul. In any case, Zhang Xuangong's fate was sealed. He was nothing more than a vessel. Whoosh! The Fourth, Gu Huasha, activated his Daoless Formless Diagram, which enveloped the void.

"The Four Great Sirs are hiding here. They won't be able to escape this time." Baidu search keywords: Book Palm PP, or directly visit the official website & # ▲