Chapter 714
===========

Right now, Gu Tiansha wasn't worried about Emperor Wu betraying him. Furthermore, he wasn't worried about Emperor Wu betraying him. That was how strong he was.

As far as he was concerned, even if Emperor Wu cultivated to become a celestial, or even a celestial's lifespan, he would still be in control. That was absolute control. He knew what Emperor Wu was thinking, but he didn't care.

"Emperor Wu, you probably don't know what the Lord of the Sun Moon is thinking, so you're still hoping to get lucky. I've never forced you to do anything or tried to control you, but you betrayed me and joined the Lord of the Sun Moon. That was a grave mistake."

Wan Senshi snorted disdainfully at Emperor Wu's intelligence. "The Lord of the Sun Moon wants to break free of the dao of heaven and gather the power of all living beings. There's no way he has any good intentions in subjugating you.

He must have seen the current commander-in-chief of the Celestial Calmness Bureau, the king of all living beings. That's why he fused you with the Martial Saint and made you a celestial. Then he refined you into his puppet, making you just like the king of all living beings. You'll become an emotionless, mindless slave, a pitiful existence who will do nothing but work as a laborer. " Emperor Wu's face fell when he heard Wan Senshi's words.

He was shocked. He was very clear that the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tian Sha was nurturing him like this because he wanted to forge him into a character similar to the King of Common Life.

Moreover, he was someone who had once been an Emperor. He had occupied the Central Divine Prefecture and established the Great Wu Dynasty. His achievements had even surpassed those of the ancient Emperors. If it wasn't for the sudden appearance of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, the Martial Emperor would have been the greatest Emperor in history.

His karma with the Central Divine Prefecture had been tied to him for a very long time. Because of that, Emperor Wu was the best material for Gu Tiansha to refine into a puppet and manage all living beings. That was exactly what Gu Tiansha was thinking.

He wanted to refine Emperor Wu into a Sun Moon Magistrate. With that, he could control the cosmos and govern the world. That way, he could surpass the king of all living beings.

The materials needed to refine the king of all living beings were extraordinary. They contained countless primeval treasures and savings of the Dharma Saint, as well as the fragment of the Epoch Cruiser and the Myriad Demon Patriarch North Star.

However, in terms of fate and karma, when compared to governing a country and controlling the Central Plains, a Puppet Administrator refined from a Martial Emperor was indeed the most suitable.

The Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha's level of cultivation and intelligence naturally knew that in order to occupy the Central Divine Prefecture and steal Yongchō's fate, he had to control the people and establish a regime. Someone had to be in charge.

If the Lord of the Sun Moon Gu Tiansha still didn't make a move, as time dragged on, the power of the Imperial Court and the Department of Calmness would only grow.

Yongchō now had a population of over 20 billion, and everything was in order. The citizens were growing at an explosive rate, and the Imperial Court was expanding their territory, incorporating new citizens. If this were to continue, the population would increase tenfold in a few decades.

All of these people were gathered together by the Calming Immortal Department. This sort of power of will was something that even the Sun-Moon Sovereigns felt was terrifying. Even now, as the King of Common Life's management of the common people gradually stepped onto the right track, going deep into the grassroots, the people's hearts were united. The power of will that was produced every day was enough to push the dimensional realm of the Common Life's Will sphere to fiercely revolve, and it was also constantly expanding. In addition, the Department of Calmness had also launched an attack on the demons.

Now, many experts among the common people had begun to enter the Demon Domain to capture and kill the devils. The originally fearful demonic qi could now be completely neutralized. In the eyes of the people, the devils in the Demon Race were boiling hot treasures.

For example, the Goat-Horned Monsters, which were the most numerous among the demons. After dispelling the Demon Qi from their bodies, their entire bodies were treasures. Their horns were extremely hard, sharper than steel, and could be used to make weapons. Their flesh was extremely tender, surpassing even that of a bull. Their bones, tendons, and skin were all rare materials. Their souls could also be absorbed and decomposed into pure psychic energy.

In the past, ordinary armies had been no match for the Goat-Horned Monsters. Even the weakest of them could easily leap dozens of feet. Their bodies were extremely tough, and they could traverse mountains with ease. At the very least, only the peak of the Martial Warrior rank could stand a chance against them. An army of Goat-Horned Monsters that blotted out the sky was a nightmare.

But now, many of the common people were wearing metal armor that could fly, and wielding machine guns, hand cannons, and Thunderfire Bullets.

An ordinary person wearing such equipment could slaughter the powerful Goat-Horned Monster army of the demon race.

Not to mention the experts wearing Human-Dragon Armor, Human-Dragon Swords, and spatial rings. These experts could kill tens of thousands of the demon army and obtain enormous wealth.

If this continued, not only would the demons not be able to cause a disaster, but they would also become nourishment for the humans. In the end, the humans and the Yongchō would become a monstrous existence. As the driving force of this, the Department of Calmness would definitely obtain supreme power.

This was something that the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha did not wish to see. Of course, he also wanted to obtain power in the imperial court and swallow this fruit. Thus, he had been actively planning to suddenly attack at the most crucial moment, catching the Department of Calmness unprepared.

"Alright, Wan Senshi, there's no point in saying all this now. Originally, I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to nurture a Martial Monarch, but since you've come with your clone, that's great. This clone of yours should contain about a tenth of your original power. I'll let the Martial Monarch devour you, and that should be enough.

After devouring your clone, the Martial Monarch and Martial Saint will merge, and then I'll refine the five great mountains of the Wuzhou Province. At the same time, I'll devour the Martial Saint's Paradise. After refining for a while, I'll definitely be able to rival the King of Common Life. I might even surpass him. "

Gu Tiansha opened his palm again, and the light of the sun and moon surged, instantly sealing the hall.

From the outside, there seemed to be nothing strange about the hall, but only those who walked in could see the surging power of the Sun-Moon Great Thousand Worlds inside.

"Sun-Moon Lord, although you're an existence that has never appeared before, you're still too inexperienced.

You're someone who was born to face tribulations. You've gained power for a while, but you're actually still in the midst of a tribulation. You're pitiful, but you don't know it.

Of course, I can't do anything to you now that you possess the great luck of the world, but you're dreaming if you want to refine my clone. "

Wan Senshi wasn't afraid of Gu Tiansha. In reality, there weren't many people in this world that could make him feel fear. He didn't even take Xing Qiongshi seriously, unless she truly mastered the hundredth layer of the Divine Continent's Secret Technique.

"Whether or not the fire is shallow is not something you can understand. Immortal Master Wan, your destiny is still there, but it is declining. After today, when this incarnation of yours perishes, your destiny will fall even further. I will slowly harvest you." Meng Hao's eyes flickered.

Gu Tiansha's tone was lofty. Even an antique like Wan Senshi, who was born from the primal chaos explosion, was nothing more than nourishment in his eyes.

"The brightness of the sun and moon, return to the origin, return to simplicity." The hall was filled with the power of Gu Tiansha's Sun-Moon Great Thousand Worlds.

The sun was a Great Thousand World, and the moon was a Great Thousand World. Furthermore, these two Great Thousand Worlds were able to cover every corner of the Endless World with their light. It was clear that they were the pinnacle of Great Thousand Worlds, Mystic Yellow Great Thousand Worlds, Saha Great Thousand Worlds, Jambu Great Thousand Worlds, Central Great Thousand Worlds, and so on.

Using the power of the Sun-Moon Great Thousand Worlds, Gu Tiansha had complete control of the situation. Even Wan Senshi paled in comparison.

This was Gu Tiansha's supreme cultivation base. He was invincible under the heavens, the supreme realm.

"Great Thousand Worlds!" At this time, an even greater power suddenly emerged from Wan Senshi's clone.

This power surged and surged endlessly. It was the purest essence of the primordial chaos, and it had condensed into an ancient dimensional realm.

As this dimensional realm emerged, one could see endless ancient beasts within. All sorts of strange races that had long since disappeared in the long river of history were thriving and thriving here.

This dimensional realm was incomparably large. Compared to the Common People's Wish sphere, the Dharma World, and even the Heavenly Demon Prison, it was far larger. The races that lived within were far from what these dimensional realms could compare with.

There were even some races that had been researched and created by Wan Senshi himself. He was the God of Creation, and also the God of Creation.

This dimensional realm had been created and managed by him since the time of the primordial chaos explosion. It had been countless years since then, and the power accumulated within was likely close to touching upon the threshold of the Heavenly Origin realm. Unlike the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha, he could use 100% of this dimensional realm's power.

"Wan Senshi, you really did come prepared." Gu Tiansha's expression turned solemn.

Wan Senshi's real body hadn't moved, but this clone had communicated with the dimensional realm that he had refined himself. With the help of the dimensional realm's power, he could almost reach an invincible realm.

The power of the Sun-Moon Great Chiliocosm pressed against each other like a millstone, trying to grind away Wan Senshi's clone.

But Wan Senshi's clone was wrapped in the depths of the dimensional realm's power. It kept spinning, exploding, and flying, like a reef in a raging sea. It couldn't be refined.

"This is the power of the Sun-Moon Great Chiliocosm? Not bad, not bad. "

Immortal Teacher Wan criticized Gu Tiansha. "Master of the Sun and Moon, it's a pity that your realm is too low. If you could step into the Sage Realm, you would be able to become a Sage.

If you could use more of the Sun-Moon Great Chiliocosm's power, my clone would definitely be erased by you. But now, I can absorb the power of the Sun-Moon Great Chiliocosm to create my own dimensional realm, pushing my power to a terrifying realm.

The Sun-Moon Great Chiliocosm is like a mountain of gold. You can only dig out a little bit of gold, but it's enough for you to flaunt your wealth. But this can make me stronger. I'll take this gold from you. "

Wan Senshi also displayed his might and power as an ancient creature born during the time of the primordial chaos explosion. He definitely wouldn't let Gu Tiansha defeat him easily. He also wanted to obtain huge benefits from Gu Tiansha. Important notice: Are you still using the web page to follow me? Are you still troubled by the advertising problem?

Please use this site's free app. No advertising, no errors, fast updates, members synchronize bookshelves, text size adjustment, reading brightness adjustment, better reading experience, please follow the official WeChat account. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader!