Chapter 746
===========

"The Will of the Heaven World is truly sharp indeed. It's almost as though it can slice my will into shreds. I'm just using my own will to fight against the Will of the Heaven World. Against such an undefeatable being, it's definitely going to be a great training for me."

When Gu Chensha's will was up against the Will of the Heaven World, he felt as though he was up against a boundless and mighty existence.

In the process of cultivating the Infinity Umbrella, Gu Chensha felt as though his soul was being sliced and suppressed by some sort of power.

Even if the Infinity Umbrella only contained less than a billionth of the Will of the Heaven World, it was still enough to crush Gu Chensha in terms of power. The Heaven World was also known as the Endless World.

It was an existence that far surpassed the Boundless World. Its will was second only to the Heaven's Will, and all other existences had to bow down to it.

The relationship between the Heaven World and the Heaven's Will was just like that between the Emperor and the Crown Prince.

Therefore, if Gu Chensha wanted to devour the Infinity Umbrella completely, he would most likely require a long and arduous period of training.

The more he wanted to devour the Infinity Umbrella, the more he felt as though he was being devoured by the Infinity Umbrella instead.

Lou Baiyue's eyes were fixed on Gu Chensha. All she saw was Gu Chensha devouring the Infinity Umbrella and fusing it into his body. Thereafter, a bright light shone out as countless illusory figures spun around. These illusory figures actually displayed the scenes of the Divine Mainland.

With a change, it turned into the East Wilderness, Ocean Wilderness, Manhuang, Desert Wilderness, and even the Deep Freeze Snow Region, as well as many other unknown continents. These were all the lands of the Endless Mainland. BOOM!

Within these lands, countless Demon Gods and powerful existences surged out. Time seemed to be flowing in reverse as though it had returned to the Ancient Era. All sorts of powerful beings were resurrected one after another, bent on killing Gu Chensha.

"Incredible." Lou Baiyue's face was extremely solemn.

She knew that these illusory figures were the will that was manifested from the Endless Mainland. Within them were the true history and essence of the entire Endless Mainland.

Under the impact of a will of such a level, even a powerful being of the Heavenly Lord state would be lost. Eventually, their souls would be destroyed and turned into nothingness.

"Chensha is going all out."

Lou Baiyue knew in her heart that Gu Chensha had to do this in order to advance to the God Tier. He had to use the Heaven Realm's will as a whetstone. If he could defeat this part of the Heaven Realm's will, not only would he be able to completely obtain the Infinity Umbrella and inherit the fate energy, he could even use it as his authority to control some of the Heaven Realm's power.

This way, even the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, would find it very difficult to pose a threat to Gu Chensha, and he could also defend against the attacks of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand.

Of course, only by gathering all 36 treasures would he be able to kill the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, and avoid a huge disaster.

Fortunately, the Celestial Pacification Department, together with the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises of the imperial court, had already gathered more than 10 Infinity Treasures. When more than half of the total number was gathered, they would have a very high chance of dealing with Gu Tiansha.

"At present, the biggest threat to our Celestial Pacification Department is not Wan Senshi, nor is it The Great Spirit God, nor is it the three Heavenly Lords, nor is it the Dharma Saint, but the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha. The best way now is for Chensha to advance to the God Tier, and I will refine The Great Spirit God and advance to become a Saint. Together with more than 10 Infinity Treasures, we can kill the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, before he has fully matured. Otherwise, if he advances to the Heavenly Lord level, it will be very difficult for us to deal with him." Lou Baiyue naturally knew the current situation.

If she could kill the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, and seal and refine him, using his fate and nature, she would be able to break through to the Heavenly Lord level. Even Gu Chensha might be able to do so.

If she and Gu Chensha both broke through to the Heavenly Lord Realm, then any problem would be solved.

When Lou Baiyue was at Dao Realm Creation World, she could deal with the Son of the Chiliocosm, Wang Chengshi. He was at Dao Realm Transformation 35, but she still defeated him.

Now that Lou Baiyue's realm had increased by a lot, if she met Wang Chengshi again, she could definitely defeat him and even kill him. Lou Baiyue hadn't reached Saint Realm yet, but once she did, it would be a huge leap.

At that time, even the Heavenly Lord wouldn't be able to kill her. If she advanced to the Heavenly Lord level, she would be even more amazing. She would be able to comprehend the mysteries of the Great Massacre God Technique.

"Now, let's see whether or not Chensha can beat the Heaven World's Will …" Lou Baiyue was also using her cultivation to suppress the The Great Spirit God's palm in her body.

This made things much simpler. The Great Spirit God was cunning and full of tricks, but he had never suffered losses. Even when he lost, it was actually a trick he left behind.

But no matter how strong The Great Spirit God was, compared to the Heaven World, he couldn't even be compared to a strand of hair.

This was why Lou Baiyue had absolute confidence that she could suppress the The Great Spirit God's Will.

Gu Chensha was suppressing the Heaven World's Will, so if she couldn't even suppress the The Great Spirit God's Will, then what confidence did she have to change Heaven's Will? Changing Heaven's Will wasn't just an empty phrase.

"Changing Heaven's Will!"

At this time, sparks of light appeared on Lou Baiyue's body, as if they were jumping on the grassland. At first, they were only a little big, but then they showed signs of starting a prairie fire, turning the grassland red.

An unparalleled red swept through the world, turning everywhere it went into a red sea. This was the Qi of Changing Heaven's Will. Changing Heaven's Will. The so-called Revolution was a change.

"The Heavenly Way is like water, and the human heart is like fire. The fire is below, and the water is above.

This is the Revolution hexagram, using the human heart to boil the Heavenly Way, and in the end, the Heavenly Way will change. This is the true meaning of Revolution. "While cultivating, Lou Baiyue had many insights. Buzz …

At this time, at the last moment, Gu Chensha's Will and the Heaven World's Will inside the Infinity Umbrella reached the most intense moment. The conflict between the two seemed to have produced the most crucial change.

Bang bang bang … A series of explosions occurred in Gu Chensha's body, and then Gu Chensha's body suddenly stiffened, as if he had lost all his aura. In the confrontation with the Heaven World's Will, he had completely died.

"What happened?"

Lou Baiyue felt Gu Chensha's aura disappear, and was shocked. She opened her eyes, and found that Gu Chensha was already "dead", without any signs of life, only a stiff body.

"Impossible."

Lou Baiyue's expression then became calm, "Chensha's body is not flesh and blood, but the Heavenly Way's Will. If he died, his body would dissipate, and it would not become stiff and stay here. This means that his Will has been pulled into an inexplicable realm. If he can come out, it means that he has defeated the Heaven World's Will, and become a God. " At this time, Gu Chensha's Will seemed to have reached a mysterious place.

The sun was shining brightly in the sky, and the grass on the ground had turned green. The earth emitted the fragrance of the soil, and it was the aura of spring.

Gu Chensha opened his eyes, and found that he was lying on a large carved bed. Outside the window was the bright and beautiful spring scenery, and the chirping of birds could be heard.

His body was covered with a brocade quilt, and the embroidery was very exquisite. The silk was smooth, and it felt very comfortable when it came into contact with his skin. It was obvious that the quilt was made of high-quality materials.

Outside the room, there was a small room, and there was no bed in the room, only a long bench. A few girls were sitting on the bench, dozing off, and their heads were like little chicks pecking at grains, staring blankly.

"What happened to me?"

After Gu Chensha woke up, he found himself in such a situation. He almost thought that he was dreaming. He slightly circulated the magic power in his body and was shocked to find that his power had disappeared without a trace. His body was incomparably weak, and he didn't even have any martial arts foundation.

He had just abolished Fa Wuxian, causing Fa Wuxian to become an ordinary person, and he did not expect that he would become an ordinary person as well.

"That's right, when I was engulfing the Endless Umbrella, I was affected by the will of the Heaven Realm. At the most critical moment, a change occurred, and I might have been dragged into some kind of illusion by the will of the Heaven Realm. This is another world, but because I have cultivated the Heavenly Dao, the will of the Heaven Realm is unable to erase my memories. Otherwise, I would be trapped in this illusion forever, unable to extricate myself. I want to see what kind of illusion the will of the Heaven Realm has dragged me into. As long as I can break this illusion, I will be able to escape and defeat the will of the Heaven Realm." After thinking for a while, he flipped the quilt over.

At this time, the few girls who were dozing off in the room outside the door quickly came back to their senses, and rushed in, "Young Master, you are awake?" "Eh?"

Gu Chensha wanted to ask what his identity was, but he was afraid of exposing it. He knew that even if he was in an illusion, it would not be a small matter, because this was not an ordinary illusion. It was an illusion formed by the will of the Heaven Realm. At this level, it was most likely not much different from reality.

Gu Chensha remained silent and allowed these young maidservants to help him put on his clothes. He realized that he was a fifteen or sixteen-year-old youth, just like when he first debuted. Looking at himself in the mirror, he looked a little romantic and elegant. He was dressed in a brocade robe, and he looked like an elegant young master.

"All of you can leave."

After instructing, he sent the maids out. Gu Chensha sat cross-legged on the bed and tried to sense his own strength.

He was an expert at the 29 Changes of Dao Realm, and even if he lost all his strength and fell into an illusion, as long as his true spirit wasn't destroyed and his memories were still there, he could recover all his comprehension. What was more terrifying was that his heart wouldn't have any flaws or emotions because of the changes in the world.

This was because he had gone through Martial Saint to Heaven Master Realm and understood what it meant to jump out of the three worlds and not be in the five elements.

In theory, Heaven Master Realm didn't need external power and could produce Heaven Master Power on its own.

This meant that even if an Heaven Master Realm person was trapped in a dangerous place and cut off from everything, it didn't matter.

This was something that the Thirty-Six Transformations, Embodiment Transformation, could not achieve. The so-called embodiment transformation was to borrow the power of "him" to achieve embodiment. But at Heaven Master Realm, one didn't need his strength, and one's body would become the sky.

The moment Gu Chensha used it, he felt like spiritual energy surged towards him. In an instant, he broke through to Dao Realm.

"What? This is the real world and not an illusion? I feel like the spiritual energy is actually so real? "Gu Chensha was shocked.

Right as he was cultivating, a maid outside said, "Young Master, Old Master has just returned from court and is summoning you." "Court?"

Gu Chensha's heart jumped. His identity was obviously from an official's family and his status was really high. He acted like he was asking casually, "Bring me a calendar."

The calendar recorded the year and date of the emperor. Through the calendar, one would know what dynasty it was.

The maid brought one over. Gu Chensha flipped it open and as he read, an unconcealable look of shock appeared on his face.