Chapter 982
===========

Cultivation was getting more and more complicated and brilliant. Back in the day, Celestial Lord experts were already powerful enough to dominate the world. They could travel through time and space and do whatever they wanted. They could control the world and control artifacts. But now, they could only be considered mid-level characters. Even Heaven Longevity and Divine Essence were the same. But the Heaven Realm was different.

No one could reach the Heaven Realm in the past, and it was far from what Divine Essence could compare to.

There was only one Heaven Realm, called the Land of Infinity. Its power was endless. No matter how many worlds there were, no matter how many Divine Essence cultivators there were, they could not compare to the Heaven Realm.

But now, Zhang Ziran had used the sacrifice to proclaim himself as the Human Ancestor, and he had reached the Heaven Realm. Once he reached this realm, his power was completely different from before. At the same time, he understood many things.

So why no one could reach the Heaven Realm in the past was because they could not refine Immortal Power. Only by purifying their Dao of Immortality to the seventh level, true Immortal Realm, could one accumulate Immortal Power and comprehend some mysteries, and then use it to forcefully open a Heaven Realm in one's body.

In other words, one had to reach the seventh level of Immortality first, and then use that power to open a Heaven Realm. Once it was done, one would have a Heaven Realm in one's body.

Of course, the Heaven World inside of Zhang Ziran was not as complete as the true Heaven World had been in the past. However, as long as he continued to absorb power, and infuse it with Deathless power, he could expand the Heaven World inside of him and give birth to all sorts of living beings. In fact, he could even give birth to celestials, Heavenly Longevity, Heavenly Essence, sun, moon, stars, and even the Four Wilds of the Divine Prefecture.

"This is the Heaven Realm. How magical. I've reached this level."

Zhang Ziran felt the Heaven Realm that he had opened up. Suddenly, an idea popped up in his mind. "I have opened up the Heaven Realm within my body. I can use the original Heaven Realm to give birth to many of the original characters. I can even nurture the throne of the Heavenly Emperor.

But that doesn't seem possible. I have to reach the Heavenly Dao Realm. The difference between the Heaven Realm and the Heavenly Dao Realm is huge. "

Once the Heaven Realm was formed, Zhang Ziran's power increased greatly. He was no longer afraid of the Dharma Saint. He even vaguely saw through some sort of fate and fate.

As expected, the Dao of Man contains unparalleled fate energy. As the Ancestor of Man, I actually occupy a very important part of the Heaven and Earth. With the blessing of this fate energy, my cultivation base will continue to rise, and no one will be able to kill me. At least for now, it seems that my decision to rebel against the Heavenly Court was the right one.

Zhang Ziran felt a sense of satisfaction in his heart. "However, fate can change. The Heavenly Dao is capricious, and karma repeats. I have yet to completely transcend it.

I heard that Gu Chensha and Heavenly Emperor had reached the eighth level of Immortal Realm, the Immortal Realm. Their cultivation bases were higher than mine. I didn't have the power to resist or kill them. Even Gu Huasha was stronger than me.

However, I now understood many things. That Gu Huasha probably had a lot to do with the Emperor Of Heaven. Although he had asked me to rebel against the Heavenly Court, I still felt that things were very strange. But he couldn't tell what was strange about it.

However, I definitely can't be restricted by him. It seems that when I have time, I should make more contact with the Taoist Ancestor Hong Ling Sha, and even Gu Chensha, and that son of mine, Zhang Yiren … "

Zhang Ziran looked over at his many sons on the high altar. His nineteenth son, Zhang Yiren, had boundless potential within him. He also had a huge amount of fate energy, which was no less than his own.

He had long since sensed that there was something strange about this child. However, this child's body contained his bloodline, and if he used it well, it would be a great help to him. In fact, it could even increase his own destiny.

"Everyone …" Zhang Ziran said: "After this sacrificial ceremony, all of you have obtained great benefits, right?

I have also advanced to the Heaven Realm. After the sacrificial ceremony, all of you can properly digest what you have obtained today. After this sacrificial ceremony, our destinies will be linked together. If any of you harbor evil intentions, you will only weaken your own destinies. "

"From now on, we will be linked together with the Human Dynasty. If the Human Dynasty prospers, we prosper," everyone hurriedly shouted.

"Now, I will make an announcement. Crown Prince."

Zhang Ziran's words caused the hearts of all the princes to rise. After this sacrificial ceremony, Zhang Ziran's prestige had reached its peak. Even Imperial Concubine Ming of the Heavenly Court had rebelled and joined the Human Dynasty. In the end, the calamity of the Heavenly Court did not descend. In everyone's hearts, they felt that Zhang Ziran's power was already set. He could completely contend with the Heavenly Court.

The prince he appointed as Crown Prince would become a great figure above billions of people and obtain countless destinies and resources. Everyone was listening quietly.

"Zhang Yi Ren, come up." Zhang Ziran pointed at the Nineteenth Prince Zhang Yi Ren.

"Yes, Father." Zhang Yi Ren walked up the stairs in front of everyone and knelt on the altar.

"From today onwards, you are the Crown Prince." Zhang Ziran said: "If I cultivate in seclusion, you will be in charge. Do you dare to bear this responsibility? "

"I will risk my life." Zhang Yi Ren kowtowed and said: "Since Father has given it to me, I will do my best. I will increase the destinies of our Human Dynasty and destroy the Heavenly Court. "

"You are wrong. The Heavenly Court will do its own thing as long as it does not interfere with the affairs of the Human Dynasty.

We will let it be and not fight with it for now. The Human Realm will be in the Human Realm, and the Heavenly Court will be in the Heavenly Court. We won't interfere with each other, but if the Heavenly Court attacks us, we won't. But if the Heavenly Court attacks us, we can only resist and not let them return. "

Zhang Ziran's words comforted many people. Many officials did not want to fight with the Heavenly Court and fight to the death. They just wanted to cultivate in peace for the time being: "Ancestor of Heaven, don't you think so?" Ancestor of Heaven was the current Wu Dangkong.

Wu Dangkong looked at Zhang Yi Ren and was secretly shocked: "This kid's destinies and potential are almost immeasurable. I can feel a huge mutation in it, and there seems to be an extremely terrifying will sealed in it. This kid is much stronger than the Son of Heaven bestowed by the Emperor Of Heaven.

But this has nothing to do with me. During the sacrificial ceremony, my cultivation has also increased greatly. I will break through in a while. "

Wu Dangkong had indeed obtained incomparable benefits from this sacrificial ceremony. She became the Ancestor of Heaven and even took away the destinies of the Heavenly Court's Emperor Of Heaven. Moreover, she contributed the most to the success of this sacrificial ceremony. So, her realm was rising steadily.

In the future, she even felt that she could reach the seventh level of the Immortal Realm, the true Immortal Realm, and then open the Heavenly Realm.

"Zhang Ziran, your cultivation is actually one step ahead of mine. However, I have gained a lot of experience from your transformation just now. When I open up the Celestial Realm, the power in my body will be much purer than yours. Opening up the Celestial Realm is one thing, but operating the Celestial Realm is another. The Celestial Realm is not as simple as a God Realm expert opening up their internal world.

The internal world, the minor chiliocosm, the medium chiliocosm, the great chiliocosm, and the Heavenly Realm. Among them, there are only three levels, but the difference in foundation is more than a trillion times. "

Wu Dangkong was also thinking. She had her own set of plans. "This Zhang Yi Ren has a huge amount of destiny and potential. If I can capture him and bring him into my world, I can suppress him as a foundation. In the future, when I open the Heavenly Realm and operate destiny, it will be extraordinary. Other than that, I can also capture the Son of Heaven who was appointed by the Emperor Of Heaven." "Zhang Yi Ren, get up." Zhang Ziran said.

"Thank you, father." Zhang Yi Ren was appointed as the crown prince, but he did not look happy at all.

"Destiny has increased greatly, destiny has increased greatly!"

At this time, some people were observing the weather of the "Human Dynasty" from outside the territory of this country.

The one leading them was a young scholar. Behind him were several officials and generals. Their cultivation was extremely high. Among them, the young scholar was actually at the Heaven Primordial Realm. No one knew where this hidden expert came from.

"Master, I see that the destiny of this Human Dynasty is like the sun in the sky, its qi rushing to the clouds.

I'm afraid that in the future, there will be a fierce battle with the Qi Country. In this battle, where should we go? Which side does the destiny belong to? To prepare for a rainy day, we have to make arrangements early.

It was not easy for our Great Ping Dynasty to establish its foundation. It cannot be destroyed in a day. "A civil official said. This civil official's cultivation was actually at the Heaven Longevity Realm.

"That's right. It was not easy for our Ping Dynasty to establish its foundation. It cannot be destroyed in a day. Therefore, we cannot rely on any side and be annexed by the other side."

The young scholar waved his fan. "My Ping Clan obtained a fortuitous encounter during the upheaval of heaven and earth. Then, we took advantage of the weakening of the Heavenly Court to establish the Imperial Court and share the destiny. We also comprehended the Dragonless Sutra and obtained some destiny from it. Now, we are prospering day by day. In the future, it is unknown who will become the overlord of this world.

In the past, everyone thought that the Heavenly Court was the king of destiny. No one could contend against the Heavenly Court. However, the Everlasting Realm appeared. Zhang Ziran also rebelled against the Heavenly Court.

Now, they are living extremely comfortably. From this, it can be seen that the overlord of this world is probably no longer a fixed number. When two tigers fight, one will definitely be injured. We can also get a share of the pie. "

"However, that Qi Country has now obtained the secret support of the Heavenly Court. It is expanding almost every day. Experts are emerging one after another. Countless officials and fierce generals have appeared. Now, they are expanding their territory and have already subdued many countries.

Although the Human Realm is extremely huge and it will probably take some time to deal with us, it is actually imminent. "A minister said," Regarding this, does Master have any countermeasures? "