Chapter 87
==========

As long as there was Heavenly Dew, treasures, weapons, armors, and other things that could withstand the corrosion of time could be upgraded endlessly. That was what he lacked right now. Entering the Sun Moon Altar, there was indeed a huge ball of blood and a soul floating in the air.

This ball of blood was different from before. It gave off a thick evil energy, black smoke billowed like an evil fire burning. It constantly transformed into hideous human faces. Listening closely, there were countless screams.

"How many people did this guy kill to create such a thick grievance in the soul?" Gu Chensha was shocked.

But it wasn't strange. As a Barbarian Shadow Priest, if his hands weren't stained with human blood, he wouldn't have been able to climb to this position. And according to the Evil God's oracle, only by killing many humans as a sacrifice would his cultivation speed increase. He lit up the Venomous Grass as a sacrifice. Instantly, Heavenly Dew fell like rain. There were a total of three thousand drops.

"What a bountiful harvest." Gu Chensha stored the Heavenly Dew into the gourd before exiting the altar. He saw Yi Ming strip the Shadow Priest's items.

Within the robe was a leather pouch filled with fresh blood. It was abnormally heavy, but the blood didn't solidify. It was like molten golden liquid that flowed. Within the blood, there were many tadpole-like runes that flickered and flickered, emitting a blazing aura.

"Congratulations Master, this is a leather pouch of Dragon Transformation Liquid.

This is what I said before, refined from the blood of countless primordial mutants, along with spirit liquid and divine water obtained from sacrifices.

It is only in the hands of the top barbarian figures. I once received some as a reward, but I used it all. This person must have wanted to upgrade his bone staff, but felt that it wasn't enough. Coincidentally, he received an order to assassinate Master, so he came. After killing Master, he sacrificed it to the Evil God and used the Dragon Transformation Liquid to upgrade the bone staff. That would be perfect.

Master is a prince and has the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. He is very important to the Evil God. If he can be killed and sacrificed, the Evil God's reward will be unimaginable. "Yi Ming said," Master must be careful in the future. "

"This Dragon Transformation Liquid is very strong and domineering." Gu Chensha savored it, "How do I use it? Did he drip it on it too? "

"That's right. Even though this Dragon Transformation Liquid isn't enough to further evolve the Great Dragon Armor, it can still significantly increase its defense and power. If you encounter such an expert again, you'll be able to react faster, and you won't be captured so easily."

"Is that so?" Gu Chensha quickly took out the Dragon Transformation Fluid and smeared it on the Great Dragon Armor.

The Great Dragon Armor wriggled as it greedily absorbed the Dragonification Elixir. The scales shrank, and Gu Chensha could feel that the armor was much more compact and sturdy than before.

This Dragon Transformation Liquid is truly overbearing. Compared to Heavenly Dew, it lacks some of its mellow properties. It can only be used to improve one's cultivation base, not to treat and detoxify. Additionally, if the quality of a magic treasure is not strong enough, not only will it not improve, it will also be destroyed. Gu Chensha thought to himself. If it was an ordinary armor, a drop of heavenly dew would cause the armor to evolve.

However, a drop of the Dragon Transformation Liquid would cause it to be unable to withstand the tyrannical power contained within, and it would be directly burned to ashes.

Fortunately, the Great Dragon Armor was a treasure to begin with, and it had been fortified with nearly a thousand drops of heavenly dew.

"Master, the Great Dragon Armor can withstand the Dragonification Elixir, but the Horned Wyrm Armor isn't. Of course, if you want to smear the Dragonification Elixir on the Horned Wyrm Armor, you have to dilute it with spirit liquid first.

This pouch of Dragonification Elixir can be diluted into a pool before soaking the treasure in it. This way, the treasure will be able to slowly absorb the Dragonification Elixir and won't be completely destroyed, "Yi Ming said." It's very dangerous to use the Dragonification Elixir.

"Since that's the case, I'll use it all to nourish the Great Dragon Armor."

Gu Chensha poured the entire pouch of Dragonification Elixir onto the Great Dragon Armor. He didn't even dare to touch it with his fingers. The Dragonification Elixir was even hotter than lava.

The Great Dragon Armor sizzled, but it didn't burn. It just looked like it was having a hard time digesting so much Dragonification Elixir.

"Master, if we had the heavenly dew to neutralize the Dragonification Elixir, the Great Dragon Armor wouldn't be able to withstand such tyrannical power," Yi Ming hurriedly said.

"I knew it." Gu Chensha took out a bottle gourd and poured out a hundred drops of heavenly dew, mixing them with the Dragonification Elixir. In an instant, the Great Dragon Armor burst into golden flames that grew larger and larger. Projections of various primordial fierce beasts appeared, roaring and roaring.

"So, this is the bloodline of the primordial fierce beasts." Gu Chensha nodded inwardly as he watched the changes unfold.

With the heavenly dew neutralizing it, the Great Dragon Armor absorbed the Dragonification Elixir and the primordial fierce beasts' bloodlines and began to evolve. The golden flames gradually retracted and returned to the armor.

In the end, the Dragonification Elixir became neither black nor white, gray and unremarkable. The scales also shrunk and became very fine.

Gu Chensha immediately used his blood to inscribe runes on the armor. He was using the Sun and Moon Refining Art. At this critical moment, he would use his blood essence to refine the Dragonification Elixir again. The Great Dragon Armor would become more connected to him, and he would be able to use it as he pleased in the future.

In truth, if he did this many times, he could make the Dragonification Elixir a part of him, and no one would be able to take it away.

However, he was still in the process of establishing his dao foundation, so he couldn't use too much blood essence.

In the end, the Dragonification Elixir turned into a thin belt that was gray and indistinguishable from black and white.

"This is the color of primal chaos," Yi Ming said.

"After absorbing the Dragonification Elixir and the heavenly dew, the Dragonification Elixir's potential has risen once more. Many primordial fierce beasts' bloodlines have been absorbed, and after a period of digesting and assimilating them, it has gained the aura of a king. Master's refining art can practically recreate anything, even surpassing the refining art of the Maha Suppression Scripture. When the time comes, this Dragonification Elixir will truly become the Dragonification Elixir." "But it's just a worldly possession."

Gu Chensha thought about it carefully. "I thought the Dragonification Elixir would be enough to hold off the Shadow Priest, but I didn't expect it to be completely powerless. It seems the gap in cultivation can't be bridged.

"Every transformation in the Dao Realm is a transformation of one's mortal body."

Yi Ming searched the Shadow Priest's leather robe again and took out a gourd. Needless to say, there were medicinal pills inside. When he poured them out, they were actually crystals the size of soybeans.

"This is a spirit stone, also known as a spirit crystal. It's made from spirit liquid that has been condensed a thousand times over and crystallized into gemstones."

Yi Ming took out one. "If I melt this spirit crystal, I'll obtain at least a large jar of spirit liquid. This Shadow Priest is actually richer than me? " "It's so miraculous?"

Gu Chensha took it as if it were a treasure. It was extremely heavy. Just the gourd alone weighed several thousand kilograms, and there were about fifteen crystals inside. He hadn't expected such a small crystal to be able to produce a large jar of spirit liquid.

If that was the case, the Horned Dragon Armor of his subordinates could be soaked in the spiritual liquid, which would greatly increase their strength and defensive capabilities. Not to mention that, although the benefits of the spiritual liquid were not as good as the Heavenly Dew, it was still a rare treasure. Its practicality far exceeded that of many elixirs.

"This Shadow Priest also has a copy of the Demon Tome of Chaos, but it's only the first three volumes. Perhaps they'll be of help to Master's cultivation." He took out a leather scroll. "Here's a command medallion."

On the command medallion, there was a giant ape sitting on a throne, looking up to the heavens and earth. Its bloody mouth and fangs were the source of all evil. Below the command medallion, there was a small word, "Shadow", in barbaric language.

"This is his token to enter the Divine Temple. It represents his status, and it's quite high. In the future, if Master wants to sneak into the Divine Temple, it'll be of great use. All you have to do is wrap yourself up and show the token. Shadow Priests are hidden in the darkness, and no one can see their faces."

Gu Chensha took the command medallion and placed it in the altar space. He then flipped open the Demon Tome of Chaos. All kinds of martial arts came into view. The moves were powerful and imposing, but also cruel. The Qi was refined in a unique way, and the meridians were mysterious.

"It really is a demonic tome. The martial arts in it are truly unique."

Gu Chensha had cultivated the Son of Heaven's Investiture of Gods before, so he was able to see through other martial arts much more clearly than the average person. He memorized and pondered a little in his mind, and the martial arts in this ancient manual began to brew, calculate, and comprehend by analogy. He verified it with the Giant Miracle Power, and thus gained even more martial arts experience.

Using the Son of Heaven's God Bestowment Art as the foundation, he had studied the Art of The Great Spirit God, the Scripture of Hell Suppression, and the Demon Tome of Chaos. All of them were peerless martial arts. The more he studied, the more he felt his horizons widened.

Seeing that Gu Chensha was engrossed in it, Yi Ming said, "Master, let's go back. I'm afraid the Shadow Priest will attack us again. We might be able to stop him, but our subordinates might not be able to." "Come on, let's go back." Gu Chensha put away the Demon Tome and unfurled the Great Dragon Armor. Swish!

In just a breath's time, the Great Dragon Armor covered him from head to toe. He floated three feet above the ground like a ghost. He actually didn't need wings at all.

As expected, after absorbing a bag of Dragon Transformation Liquid and 100 drops of Sky Dew, the Great Dragon Armor's strength doubled. If he faced a Dao Realm Six Transformation Priest again, he wouldn't be in such a bad state. Of course, it was impossible for him to defeat him. He placed the Shadow Priest's corpse into the altar space.

This would be a huge contribution to the Imperial Dynasty. Apart from that, he could also give it to the medicine department of the Celestial Craft Institute as a research subject. With such a high cultivation corpse, they would be able to gain many things that would benefit the people.

When he returned to the living area, it was really quiet and nothing happened. Everyone had woken up and were in high spirits. They lit up the fire and drank the Battle Technique Wine before training their blades and fists. Three Incenses really did pick many herbs from the forest.

There were many precious herbs in the Barbarian Forest, but it was difficult for ordinary people to enter. For example, a thousand-year-old Red Ganoderma was worth thousands of dollars outside. It was not a small amount. Although they were Lou Baiyue's trusted subordinates and enjoyed the training, they still had to save up some money for other things.

Seeing Gu Chensha and Yi Ming return, the Three Incenses exchanged glances with one another. They didn't say anything and just silently packed up the herbs.

"How is it? Did you face any attacks? "Gu Chensha asked.

"Prince, we are still safe."

Liu Yu held his sword and patrolled the area. He was getting stronger and stronger and the sword in his hand was constantly swallowing spiritual energy to merge with his flesh and blood. Even when he slept, the sword didn't leave his hand.