Chapter 945
===========

Ji Ningsha Chapter 942: Ji Ningsha Chapter 942: Ji Ningsha

"So, there is no possibility for us to work together?"

Long Xiangtian said gloomily. He could also see that he might not be able to suppress and kill these four women. He didn't expect that these people who had obtained the Mutated Origin would join forces. The combined strength of these four women was extremely tyrannical, even surpassing his, Liu Chansha's and Ye Qingyi's combined strength.

Moreover, he and Ye Qingyi were only working together for a short period of time. They could go their separate ways at any time. Maybe they would stab him in the back at the most crucial moment. Long Xiangtian had the Heaven World's Blazing Sun, Ye Qingyi also coveted it.

"Cooperation, of course we can work together, we can work together now. However, you want to work together to rule the world, not to be on equal footing. If I don't appear, you will definitely refine the Cloud Nirvana Sand. This is a conspiracy, do you think I will believe you?"

Ji Ningsha said, "Actually, there is another advantage to working with Gu Chensha. We won't be afraid of him plotting against me. He is a person who can tolerate everything."

"That's not necessarily true. This person is just putting on an appearance of being courteous to the wise."

Long Xiangtian snorted, "When the time comes, he will devour all of you. Look at his Eternal World, he is actually raising pigs. He will raise them until they are fat, and when the time comes, he will slaughter them all. You have all been deceived by him." "We don't need to get entangled with this problem."

Ji Ningsha said, "Long Xiangtian, I know that you want the biggest source, but it is impossible for you to keep it to yourself. Such a fat piece of meat, even the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha will not allow you to keep it to yourself. I am sure that once the source appears, the Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Chensha and many other experts will fight for it. With our strength, the chance of getting it is very small. For example, the three of you, do you really think that you can fight against Gu Chensha? Actually, it is very easy for Gu Chensha to kill you, he is just feeding you. " "So you're saying that we have to unite in order to make a career out of it?"

Liu Chansha was very calm, "But according to what you said, even if we work together, we will not be able to get the biggest source."

"That's not necessarily the case. If we combine our strength, as long as we make good use of it, it will actually be extremely impressive. Especially now that the human world has just formed, the ruler of the human world and the Heavenly Court have not been able to completely control it. There are many things waiting to be done. At the beginning of the Primordial World, if we can gather a large number of living beings and refine them as sacrifices, we can even gather billions or even hundreds of trillions of humans in a few months to offer sacrifices to us. Our cultivation level can reach a certain level, and we can even use these immortal substances to create a magic treasure that is not inferior to the Heavenly Court.

Long Xiangtian, you are gathering sacrifices and refining the immortal essence. In fact, you are also infusing the immortal essence into your Soaring Dragon Celestial Realm, then turning it into a huge treasure similar to the Heavenly Court. But you are fighting alone, it is too slow. If we work together, we can quickly plunder the countless Saints, Celestial Lords, Sky Longevity Realm, Sky Origin Realm and other experts.

Think about it, if the seven of us work together, how many experts and countries can we quickly wipe out? How much faith can we obtain in a short period of time? How much faith can we refine the immortal matter? "Ji Ningsha said.

"I see."

Ye Qingyi said, "You mean we work together to quickly wipe out the human world, gather a large number of sacrifices, and forge an earth-shattering treasure?

Just like the prehistoric technology civilization, the 12 leaders working together to forge the Battleship and the God System? "

"That's right. This is the only way we can fight against the upcoming calamities. Otherwise, we will all vanish into thin air and die without a burial place." Ji Ningsha said: "This is what we need right now, not to take everything for ourselves.

Actually, we have a huge advantage over the Heavenly Court. Right now, each of us is far stronger than the Heavenly Kings of the Heavenly Court.

If we work together, even that Zhang Ziran may not be able to do anything to us. And with Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven restraining each other, as long as we become strong enough and forge a treasure similar to the Heavenly Court, we can make the Heavenly Court and Gu Chensha hesitate. Because if we choose to perish together, the human world and the eternal world will be greatly affected, this is not something that anyone wants to see. " "I agree with this situation." Ye Qingyi said first.

"You …" Long Xiangtian looked at Ye Qingyi, his eyes flashing with strong killing intent again, "If I knew you were unreliable, I would have betrayed me already." "We are working together, what betrayal?" Ye Qingyi frowned, "Long Xiangtian, you are too arrogant. Do you really think I am your subordinate? " "Anyone who disobeys me must die." Long Xiangtian suddenly shouted.

"Enough." Liu Chansha suddenly said.

"Chansha, you!" Long Xiangtian was shocked.

At this time, Liu Chansha ignored Long Xiangtian, "Ji Ningsha, what you said makes sense. That is what I originally wanted.

I agree to work with you. I will take out the Soaring Dragon Celestial Realm and create a treasure even stronger than the Heavenly Court. What do you think? " "Haha, I knew it. You are the one who sees things clearly."

Ji Ningsha nodded, "Then it is decided. We will work together now and wipe out the countless countries in the human world." Hum …

As the two shook hands, a mysterious fate energy descended, causing these people to reach the peak in an instant.

Gu Chensha quietly observed from the side, he did not make a move. He could see that these people had extremely strong fate energy. When this fate energy gathered, it could cause immeasurable changes. Now that these seven people worked together to wipe out the human world, they could cause a lot of trouble for the Emperor Of Heaven. Not only would Gu Chensha not suppress these seven people, he would also secretly help them. With their help, he could make the Emperor Of Heaven exhausted. "Right now in the human world, there are indeed more Saints than sand on the riverbank.

"In the current Human Realm, there are indeed more Sages than the sand on the riverbank. Celestial Venerables are everywhere, Longevity Realm is more than dogs, and there is no shortage of Divine Primordial Qi. These experts are building countries and desperately plundering and worshipping. Even Zhang Ziran can't suppress all of them. However, these seven people who have obtained the mutated origin can quickly sweep across the world and turn the world upside down. After they cause damage to the Celestial Sovereign, I will subdue them and then I can rest easy." Gu Chensha calculated in his heart again. "It seems that I have to transform and join these people.

I can sense that as these people quickly gather faith, the huge mutated Essence will appear to reap the fruits of its labor. "

After thinking about it, Gu Chensha's body suddenly changed. His body emitted a strong Variation Origin energy. Then, he turned into a middle-aged man and appeared here.

"Oh? Another person who has obtained the Variant Origin has been summoned here. "

Ji Ningsha was the first to feel it. She immediately looked over and saw the middle-aged man that Gu Chensha had transformed into.

The middle-aged man that Gu Chensha transformed into was very elegant and had an extraordinary temperament. He seemed to have experienced many things and was full of wisdom.

"I am the Sand of Civilization. Greetings, everyone. I understand your thoughts. I am willing to join your alliance and create a brand new world together. We will advance and retreat together." Gu Chensha gave himself a pseudonym, the Sand of Civilization.

"So it's Brother Wen. Welcome, welcome. The density of your Variant Origin Energy is even higher than mine. "

Ji Ningsha's eyes flashed with surprise, "With Brother Wen joining us, our business development will be even faster." "Since that's the case, let's start immediately."

Long Xiang Tian calmed down at this time. His tone became gloomy. He understood the situation. Right now, he must take out the Soaring Dragon World that he had painstakingly built and use it as the foundation for his magic treasure.

"Looks like Brother Long doesn't want to let go of your Soaring Dragon World?"

Gu Chensha said, "When we gather together, we must be united. Otherwise, if we split up, I'm afraid that Emperor Heaven doesn't even need to deal with us. We'll just be digging our own graves." "Brother Wen, don't worry. Long Xiang Tian knows the big picture." Liu Chansha's tone was calm. Long Xiangtian didn't say anything else after hearing Liu Chansha's words. Somewhere in the human world, Zhang Ziran was still looking at this place.

A mirror appeared in front of him. This mirror showed the situation of Long Xiang Tian and the others. Next to him were Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, Jing Qiu, The Great Spirit God, Dharma Saint and others.

"Everyone, these people are going to take over the human world. We can't stop them. Only the Emperor Heaven can suppress them. But right now, the Emperor Heaven is creating a new Heavenly Court. He also has to monitor the situation of the Eternal World. He can't be here. What should we do?" Zhang Ziran looked at these people.

"I think we need to suppress this as soon as possible. Otherwise, the consequences will be unimaginable."

The Warlock Saint said, "If it was Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha, it would still be manageable. Who knew that so many possessors of mutated Original Sources would suddenly appear? This is not good. However, there is no time to lose. If we allow them to expand their territory and gather tens of trillions, or even hundreds of trillions, or even trillions of human sacrifices, the immortal kingdom formed by the power of the sacrifices could seriously threaten the human world. At that time, the situation would be out of control.

"Right now, if we, the Heavenly Kings, Lords of the Realms, Sovereigns of the Earthly Realms, and other experts were to gather together and launch a thunderous attack, we have a high chance of winning." Zhang Ziran said.