Chapter 1005
============

Rebirth Chapter 1102: Rebirth

"Reverse Ancestor, who would have thought that the world would change? You and I were born lowly, and in just a thousand years, we have come this far. It really isn't easy."

On the mountain peak, two youths were playing chess. One of them was dressed in Confucian robes and held a folding fan. Naturally, he had the aura of a leader, dominating the universe, and swallowing the mountains and rivers.

The other was dressed in hemp clothes and straw shoes. He held a bamboo stick with a yellow gourd hanging on it. He looked really carefree, as if nothing in the world could affect his freedom.

Of these two, the domineering one was Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan, and the carefree one was Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen.

As the two played, the black and white characters intertwined, killing each other. The battle was intense, and it seemed like it would start at any moment.

All of a sudden, Life Ancestor Lin Fan flicked the chessboard. He wasn't prepared to continue fighting.

"Reverse Ancestor, we can't fight. Although the two of us stand at the peak of the human world, we are not invincible. There are still your enemies, Emperor Heaven, Nihility Ancestor, and Human Ancestor.

They are all eyeing us, and other than that, our biggest enemy, Devouring Ancestor, is always thinking about devouring us.

Reverse Ancestor, you are used to being carefree and not willing to build a kingdom in the human world. But this is the best chance and the best cultivation. How about this, you help me build a Fate Kingdom, and I will confer you the title of Reverse Ancestor. You will stand side by side with me, and we will be emperors. How about that?

You just have to be the Country Guardian Ancestor and not show yourself. How about that? "Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan said.

"That still isn't right."

Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen said, "As long as I am conferred the title and receive faith, there will be karma involved. If others attack the Fate Kingdom, I will definitely have to take action. In the long run, I will be dragged into trouble and won't be able to relax. That's not right, not right. "

"Even if you don't get involved, if Fa Wuxian were to find you, for example, the Ancestor Devouring Fa Wuxian, he wouldn't let you off. You can't just hide all the time, right? You have to know that with the powers of the Ancestor Devouring, no matter where you hide, he would find you." Life Ancestor Lin Fan said, "Why don't we work together and kill Fa Wuxian first?"

"Fa Wuxian is a madman. He calls himself the Ancestor Devourer, but it's actually the same as the Devil Dao, devouring everything."

Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen said, "However, Fa Wuxian is even more demonic than a demon. He has used the Dao of Devouring to the extreme. Tell me, how can we kill him?

This person comes and goes like a shadow, and he doesn't have a territory, just like a roving bandit. "

"Indeed, with the two of us, we can suppress him, but we can't kill him. That's why we need to borrow his strength."

Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan said, "Either one of us can stand on equal footing with Fa Wuxian. If we work together, we can beat him, but we won't be able to kill him." "That's true."

Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen nodded, "However, the number one expert in this world is said to be Gu Chensha. Fa Wuxian is determined to kill him, because Fa Wuxian's cultivation was crippled by him. But Fa Wuxian is so arrogant, isn't he afraid that Gu Chensha will cripple him again?"

"Actually, I don't believe that Gu Chensha is the number one expert, because after all these years, he seems to have disappeared without a trace."

Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan said, "Moreover, I think this Gu Chensha's deeds are mostly made up. There are even people saying that the entire human world is his testing ground, and we are all his test subjects. He built the human world, expanded it, and did it for the sake of doing experiments. You and I both know how huge the human world is, how majestic it is.

In front of the human world, our strength is actually insignificant, not worth mentioning. But in front of Gu Chensha, the human world is a small puddle that he can create at will? That's too inconceivable.

It's like the human world is the ocean, and we are the fish in the ocean. But the ocean of the human world is a footprint that Gu Chensha casually made. Isn't the difference too big? I've studied the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and it is indeed very mysterious, but it doesn't seem to be able to break through everything.

If I have the chance, I would like to meet this Gu Chensha, and see what kind of person he is in the legends. " "Actually, I'm also skeptical."

Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen said, "I've also heard the legend that Emperor Heaven once fought with Gu Chensha, and Gu Chensha couldn't do anything. Think about it, it can be seen that Gu Chensha is actually not as strong as the rumors say, right? I killed the Son of Destiny chosen by Emperor Heaven himself, the Emperor of Qi Country.

I also sensed Emperor Heaven's power. Emperor Heaven is just a bit stronger than us, but it's not like we can't catch up. Based on this, Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha are actually on par. " "That makes sense." Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan nodded. "Let's discuss how to deal with Fa Wuxian and kill him." "Do you really want to see me?"

Just as the two of them sat down to discuss, a voice suddenly rang out, and Gu Chensha appeared in front of them.

"Who are you …" the two Great Ancestors said at the same time.

With their cultivation, someone had approached them without them noticing, and they had only noticed when the other party spoke. This was no small matter.

"I am Gu Chensha." Gu Chensha pointed, and a seat appeared on the mountain. After sitting on it, he slowly spoke.

Seeing this, the two of them were shocked, because this mountain was actually enveloped by their World Force. Even if it was someone stronger than the two of them, they would not be able to move it in the slightest. Otherwise, they would be agitated by the two of them and die without a burial.

And now, Gu Chensha had casually created something in their world, causing their world to no longer be a world. Instead, it had become someone else's world. Next, the two of them secretly activated their Celestial Realm's ageless power, wanting to defend against it. However, they found that they had no ability at all.

"Don't struggle. Your Heaven Realm and all divine abilities are in my hands. Now, you are ordinary people. "

Gu Chensha flipped his palm, and two golden orbs appeared in his palm. These two golden orbs were the Heaven Realm that Destiny Ancestor Lin Fan and Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen had bitterly cultivated.

"Our power, our Heaven Realm."

The two of them were extremely terrified. They were the main characters of this era, and they had unparalleled luck. They had never been in such a difficult situation, and their cultivation had been so easily taken away. This caused them to return to their original state. At that moment, they really could not feel any power at all.

"Return to the past." Gu Chensha flicked.

Immediately, the scene changed, and the two of them seemed to have fallen into an endless cycle of reincarnation. Rumble!

Reverse Ancestor Xia Chen opened his eyes and realized that he was lying on a broken bed. Suddenly, someone ran in, "Not good, Xia Chen, not good, your fiancee has been taken away. Hurry and report it to the authorities." "What?!" Xia Chen scrambled to his feet and blurted out, "I'm going now! Who is it? How bold. I want to go to the authorities. "

But then he woke up, "What is going on? Am I not the Reverse Ancestor? I reached the Heaven Realm and killed the Emperor of Qi Country. I am the Reverse Ancestor!

A thousand years ago, my fiancee was taken away by someone from the palace. I thought it was a robber, so I reported it to the authorities. But the authorities knew about it long ago, so they slandered me and beat me half to death. This hatred can't be erased? Why am I here? Have I been reborn? " "No! It's that Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha helped me be reborn. "

Xia Chen revolved his cultivation technique, only to realize that it was all gone. He had become a normal person, "No, I need to cultivate back quickly. I still have my memories and experience. If I am reborn, I can still find my own fortuitous encounter. My first fortuitous encounter was in a dry well. I was beaten half to death by the authorities, and after I was thrown out, I was disheartened and wanted to jump into the well to commit suicide. But in a dry well outside the city, I had a fortuitous encounter. That fortuitous encounter was the Profound Sky Nine Divine Pill, Yin Yang Limitless Technique, Seven Parting Fire Reverse Sword, Immortal Tune True Dragon Wine, Sun Moon Ghost Blade, and a Wordless Sutra. Now, I'm going to the dry well. "

Thinking about it, Xia Chen ran out. He didn't go to the authorities, but to the dry well outside the city, and jumped in.

Indeed, in the dry well, he seemed to have triggered some kind of opportunity, and fell into an unknown space. In the depths of this space, there were many treasures, cultivation techniques, and pills.

"So real, too real. This isn't fake, I've been reborn. Why is this happening? I've really been reborn. "

Xia Chen had obtained the fortuitous encounter he was supposed to have, but he didn't feel happy at all. Instead, he was deeply depressed. He had reached the Heaven Realm, and had become a Reverse Ancestor. Now, he had to start all over again. How much more pain and torture would he have to go through to reach his original realm?

"Gu Chensha, you knocked me into the reincarnation cycle, and made me reborn. I won't let you go. In this life, I will become stronger, I will …" In the dry well, Xia Chen roared, but suddenly, his roar stopped. "No, even if I reach my original realm, I won't be a match for Gu Chensha. He knocked me into the reincarnation cycle with a flick of his finger. Even if I become a hundred times stronger, or a thousand times stronger, I won't be able to defeat him. I feel despair at his strength. Why did he knock me into the reincarnation cycle?" Xia Chen was unwilling to accept this. He was deeply unwilling.

He kept thinking and thinking, "That's right, Dragonless Heart Sutra, Dragonless Heart Sutra. Dragonless Heart Sutra was created by Gu Chensha. I happened to have studied it before. Maybe the way to defeat Gu Chensha is the Dragonless Heart Sutra. As the saying goes, pay someone back in their own coin. From the Dragonless Heart Sutra, I might be able to comprehend the reason why Gu Chensha is so strong. Only by understanding him can I deal with him in the future. " Thinking about this, he started to comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra in the dry well.

With the cultivation and experience of his previous life, and the emotional fluctuations and comprehension after his rebirth, he had a deeper understanding of the Dragonless Heart Sutra.