Chapter 446
===========

"Dragon Transformation Pagoda!"

The moment cracks appeared on the Heavenless Umbrella, the Martial Emperor took out a pagoda. The pagoda seemed to contain the roars of 10,000 dragons as countless majestic figures emerged from it. This was a true magic treasure. The Dragon Transformation Pagoda that the Martial Emperor had refined in the past.

Although the Dragon Transformation Pagoda had been scattered all over the place, Gu Chensha had obtained a small portion from the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple and refined it into the Dragon Gate. With this treasure, he had defeated countless heroes.

The Martial Emperor must have been collecting the hidden pieces he had left behind to restore the Dragon Transformation Pagoda.

Although the Dragon Transformation Pagoda had not recovered to the level it had been thousands of years ago, it still had some of its might.

Seeing this pagoda, Gu Chensha understood why the Martial Emperor was so desperate to obtain the Dragon Creation Technique.

The foundation of this pagoda was the Dragon Nurturing Technique. A higher level Dragon Creation Technique was needed to achieve the supreme Godly Dao.

The Dragon Creation Technique that Gu Chensha had obtained was merely a reference. However, if the Martial Emperor obtained the Dragon Creation Technique, he would immediately be reborn and become a Buddha.

Even without Gu Chensha's instigation, the Martial Emperor would still capture Dou Nineteen at all costs and interrogate him about the Dragon Creation Technique.

However, the Martial Emperor would not let Gu Chensha rest. He immediately changed his form and dragged Gu Chensha into the battle. If there was a chance, the Martial Emperor would not hesitate to kill and capture Gu Chensha.

However, the Martial Emperor had not found a flaw in Gu Chensha yet. He was even more apprehensive about the Zhuge Ya behind Gu Chensha. Kill!

The Dragon Transformation Pagoda descended and sucked Dou Nineteen into it, suppressing him and refining him.

"Five Emperors, how dare you attack me? Kneel down right now and you'll still have a chance to live. Otherwise, I'll destroy your body and you'll die without a burial!"

Although he had been sucked into the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, Dou Nineteen was not injured. His body once again gave off a ball of light, and the image of a heavenly deity appeared on it. This heavenly deity supported the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, preventing it from shrinking and destroying itself.

"This kid sure has a lot of tricks up his sleeves." Gu Chensha's figure flashed as he flew into the Dragonification Pagoda to attack Dou Nineteen.

"Hmm?"

Martial Emperor was astonished. Gu Chensha's actions had placed him in a dangerous situation. Even if Gu Chensha wanted to help him, it was impossible for him to barge into the Dragon Transformation Pagoda.

The instant Gu Chensha entered the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, he felt as though he had entered a whole new world. He was extremely familiar with this pagoda, and it operated mysteriously. In an instant, he could feel the surging Dragon Nourishing Qi.

"Bloodline, spy!" Rumble! As Gu Chensha breathed, he could actually sense the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. This tower had his bloodline.

The Martial Emperor's revival relied on a third of his bloodline. His bloodline contained the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood, Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and North Star Dragon. These powerful bloodlines were invaluable supplements for Martial Emperors to recover their strength. But because of this, the Martial Emperor had many connections with him. This was karma.

The moment Gu Chensha entered the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, he activated his bloodline to sense the pagoda. To his surprise, the pagoda did not harm him. Instead, he obtained many secrets from his bloodline. These were the secrets of the Dragon Nourishing Mental Skill. The complete version of the Dragon Nourishing Mental Skill.

The complete version of the Dragon Nourishing Mental Skill of the Martial Emperor. Now that Gu Chensha had entered the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, he obtained the secrets of the Dragon Nourishing Mental Skill. Focus, Sense, Core, Meditation, Storage, Qi, Dimension, Vibration, Fengshui, Orientation, Heaven and Earth, Dragon Secret …

These cultivation secrets were as vast as the sea. All of them were transmitted into Gu Chensha's mind, causing him to have an epiphany in an instant. At the same time, the memories of the Martial Emperor from the Dragon Gate entered his mind.

The Martial Emperor had seen the Primeval Dragon Gate with his own eyes and entered it. Although it was only the first floor, he obtained the supreme secrets.

The huge Primeval Dragon Gate stood between the heavens and the earth, emitting boundless might. It was the ultimate goal of all living beings.

The Primeval Dragon Gate leaped through time and space. Its appearance was based on a great opportunity.

Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness contained many memories of the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon's Gate. These memories contained many mysteries that he could not fully understand. However, the complete version of the Dragon Raising Cultivation Technique gave him a new grasp of his cultivation.

"Brat, how dare you steal my Dragon Nourishing Mental Skill. You're courting death!"

The Martial Emperor immediately knew why Gu Chensha had barged into his Dragon Transformation Pagoda. He could not help but be enraged. Suddenly, his body turned into a ripple and fused with the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, intending to obliterate Gu Chensha and Dou Nineteen.

"Martial Emperor, I'm perfecting the Dragon Transformation Pagoda for you. You succeeded in condensing it after absorbing my bloodline. But this bloodline is not enough. I'll add some more for you, allowing your Dragon Transformation Pagoda to be perfected. How about that?" As Gu Chensha spoke, bloodline surged out of his body and entered the Dragon Transformation Pagoda.

The entire Dragon Transformation Pagoda suddenly seemed to sense the existence of the Primeval Dragon Gate.

With a slight movement, an ancient intent from the Primeval Dragon Gate seemed to fuse with the Dragon Transformation Pagoda.

The Dragon Transformation Pagoda's strength increased greatly. With a crack, it crushed the Heavenly Deity that surged out of Dou Nineteen's body, intending to obliterate Dou Nineteen completely.

"What a treacherous brat. You actually want to steal my treasure, the Dragon Transformation Pagoda? Do you think it's that easy? Do you think I didn't calculate this?"

The Martial Emperor's body had also fused with the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. Suddenly, the space above the pagoda trembled and a pearl appeared within the pagoda.

The moment the pearl appeared, the Dragon Transformation Pagoda seemed as though it was about to melt.

The entire pagoda shone brightly and rippled with the power of the world. This was a sign that it was about to level up. It was going to level up to become a world level grotto-heaven treasure.

"This is the Grand Emperor's relic?

Your other treasure? "Gu Chensha suddenly realized that everything was going according to the Martial Emperor's plan.

The Martial Emperor lived up to his name as a peerless and ambitious emperor. He knew that Lin Fan had to obtain the complete Dragon Cultivation Technique and the real Dragon Transformation Pagoda. Therefore, he played along and allowed Lin Fan to fuse more of his bloodline into the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. Then, he took out his trump card. That was an even more powerful treasure from back then, the Grand Emperor's relic.

It was said that the relic was a relic formed from the essence of the Martial Emperor's body after he met with a calamity. After his death, the relic entered the depths of time and space, disappearing without a trace. Countless people searched for it but to no avail. But now, the Grand Emperor's relic had returned. Furthermore, it was fused with the Dragon Transformation Pagoda.

In an instant, everything was suppressed. Gu Chensha could feel the danger of dying. His connection with the sphere of the Common People's Wish was cut off.

"There's a path to heaven, but you refuse to take it. Instead, you barge into the gates of hell."

The Martial Emperor's voice was solemn. "If you didn't enter the Dragon Transformation Pagoda and steal my Dragon Cultivation Technique, I wouldn't have been able to do anything to you. After all, you have that sphere behind you. But since you barged in, you can't blame me. " Gu Chensha didn't say a word. Instead, his body shrank rapidly.

"The Grand Emperor's relic has finally appeared. Martial Emperor, it's time for you to die!"

All of a sudden, Dou Nineteen unleashed his trump card. A figure appeared above his head, a middle-aged man who radiated boundless power. A bottle gourd appeared in his hand, which emanated a boundless aura that could slay immortals and slay gods. It was a boundless aura that could exterminate and slaughter anything and everything.

"That's the will of the Victorious Fighting Celestial and the saber qi of the God-Slaying Flying Saber!" The Martial Emperor was shocked.

"Unparalleled Dragon Creation! Subjugation of the Dragon Transformation Pagoda!

Your Dragon Transformation Pagoda is based on the Dragon Cultivation Technique. It's naturally countered by my Dragon Creation Technique. How dare you use it!

My father predicted that I would be in great danger, so he wrapped a strand of his will around the saber qi of the God-Slaying Flying Saber as his final trump card. There's nothing in the heavens it can't slay! Die! " Dou Nineteen activated the will and the gourd. Bzzz …

An aura that could destroy the heavens and the earth, kill all living things, and sweep away all immortals and gods in the nine heavens and ten earths spread out. In that instant, Gu Chensha felt as though time and space had frozen and all living things were withering away.

This was the true original version of the God-Slaying Flying Saber. It contained the supreme killing dao of heaven and earth, capable of slaying all things in its path. Of course, this was not the true form, but a strand of saber qi that had been refined and suppressed by the will of a Celestial. Now that it was released, even the Martial Emperor felt extreme danger.

Only now did he realize that the sons of the three Celestials might seem weak, but they actually had a lot of tricks up their sleeves.

"Activate all things, know the beginning and end. Primeval Dragon Gate, till the end of time!"

At this moment, he suddenly shrunk his body. The Dragon Transformation Pagoda and the Grand Emperor's relic fused together, turning into an existence similar to the Primeval Dragon Gate. This Primeval Dragon Gate was only the size of a palm, but it emitted boundless might.

"Junior, block the saber for me!"

In the blink of an eye, the Martial Emperor used some unknown method to move Gu Chensha to the door of the Primeval Dragon Gate that he had transformed into, so that he could take the brunt of the saber first. In an instant, the saber light swept past. It destroyed all life.

After Gu Chensha was slashed by the saber light, he disappeared without a trace. Even his soul, body, and everything else disappeared.

However, after killing him, the saber light seemed to have weakened significantly. When it reached the Primeval Dragon Gate, it did not kill the Martial Emperor, but only made him cry out in pain.

Even with the dignity of a Martial Emperor, he could not withstand the slash of the saber light and was severely injured.

"He's actually not dead!"

Dou Nineteen's expression turned solemn. This was his strongest attack, and also his greatest trump card, but it did not kill the Martial Emperor. Of course, killing Gu Chensha was also a victory. But now, the greatest threat was the Martial Emperor.

"I will definitely kill you!" In the blink of an eye, the Martial Emperor turned back into his human form, and his cultivation level seemed to have regressed. He was cut down by a single saber strike. However, his might was still overwhelming!