Chapter 811
===========

"The Devil Clan's counterattack?" "The Devil Clan's counterattack?" When Gu Chensha saw this, he knew that it was only a matter of time.

Although the imperial court's morale was at its peak, it was still at a disadvantage compared to the Devil Clan in terms of numbers. Moreover, during the catastrophe, the elites of the Devil Clan would emerge one after another. It would be ridiculous if the Devil Clan didn't fight back at all.

Only by fighting back and repelling many times could they train the will of the people of the entire imperial court.

Many injured people came out of the portal. Immediately, the medical team of the imperial court went to help them. They were quickly sent to the clinic, which had become a stable channel of help. Moreover, anyone who was injured in the battle with the Devil Clan would be treated for free.

This was the benevolent policy of the imperial court, which was praised by many people. Over time, it became a symbol of the benevolence of the imperial court.

The imperial court relied on many things to accumulate little by little, and finally gathered a huge amount of people's support. Finally, it won the hearts of the people. Gu Chensha didn't want to take action.

In a flash, his eyes saw through the endless space and went straight to the depths of the Demon Area. He found that some spaces in the depths of the Demon Area had been opened by powerful Devil Qi. Countless Devil Clan troops were gathering there, including Ox-headed Devils, Sheep-headed Devils, Horse-faced Devils, Pygmy Devils, Iron-armored Devils, Nether Armored Great Devils, Blood Devils, Zombie Devils, Skeleton Devils, Insect Devils, Snake Devils, Poison Devils, Rope Devils, Gold Devils, Giant Devils, Dragon Devils, Black Evil Devils, Elephant Devils, Lion Devils, Eagle Devils, Fire Devils, Earth Devils, Tree Devils … Thousands of kinds of Devil Clan began to gather and swarmed toward the Demon Area in the Bottomless Sea of Sin. The Devil Clan was as numerous as the grains of sand in the desert. It was impossible to count them.

Among them, a large number of Devil Gods gathered together and formed a magic array, sweeping over with overwhelming momentum. Nobody knew how many old antiques were hidden in the magic array. The Heavenly Devil was also hidden among them.

"The Devil Clan has finally launched a decent counterattack, but it's still useless. Strength is strength. Although Heaven's Will favors the Devil Clan in the battle between the Spirit Clan and the Devil Clan, our strength is too strong. Even if the Devil Clan has Heaven's Will, they will definitely lose." Gu Chensha naturally wouldn't take action himself, because it was not his turn yet. This matter would naturally be dealt with by the imperial court. At the same time, he could also see how many experts there were among the people. Only in the midst of a Devil Calamity would one be able to see who the hero was. Rumble!

In the first layer of the Chaos Zone, close to the Bottomless Sea of Sin, there was no devil aura left. All the devil aura had been transformed by the imperial court with magic arts, and then a huge fortress was built.

This stronghold shone with golden light, and it was engraved with the largest devil-subduing inscriptions. This stronghold was much larger than the Great Stone Wall, and there were all sorts of spaces inside. Within these spaces, there were devils that had already transformed into guardian vajras. These guardian vajras were constantly chanting mantras, accumulating power to restrain the devils and prevent them from counterattacking.

Originally, this stronghold was forged from Underworld Iron and Underworld Jade, using the blood and sweat of countless devils. Later, it was seized by the Calming Immortal Department, who turned many devils into Guardian Vajra, and then used this as the foundation to reforge it. Only then did it become the Demon Subduing Stronghold. This Devil-Subduing Fortress was the strongest line of defense against the demons.

Just as the devil army was rolling in, the Devil-Subduing Stronghold suddenly emitted a tide of golden light. The golden light was like a wave, and within it were countless tiny runes that were chanting, capable of purifying all devils made of demonic Qi.

Immediately, the devil army stopped at the edge of the first layer of the Chaos Zone and began to set up camp. They didn't dare approach for fear of suffering heavy losses. The two sides began to face off in the first layer of the Chaos Zone.

The first layer of the Chaos Zone was very vast, almost as large as the Wildlands. The Chaos Zone had layers upon layers, and there was no end to it. At the very least, no one had yet discovered how many layers there were.

Right now, the imperial court had only invaded the first layer of the Demon Region. They had swept through the area and captured all the demons. Some of the adventurers who had entered the Demon Region could no longer find any demons to deal with in the first layer of the Demon Region, so they could only take the risk and enter the second layer of the Demon Region. Some of the experts who had cultivated magic power or even higher could directly enter the depths of the third or fourth layer of the Demon Region to kill demons. Of course, they could also obtain more wealth.

Apart from that, many experts from aristocratic families formed hunting teams to hunt in the depths of the Chaos Zone. But this time, they encountered the gathering of the demon army and suffered a huge loss.

"Look, that's the Situ Family. Their family used to be a second or third-rate family. More than 10 years ago, the highest elder in the family was only at the Golden Core Realm, Dao Realm 18 Transformations. But now, a genius appeared in their family called Situ Hengzhong. He actually obtained a fortuitous encounter and reached the God Realm. And he might even become a Saint. " Although the Demon Disaster had erupted, many people weren't afraid. Instead, they were excited. More people were pointing and discussing with each other.

"Becoming a Saint requires talent, right? Only those with natural talent can become a Saint. Otherwise, no matter how many fortuitous encounters they have, it's useless. If Situ Hengzhong becomes a Saint, won't there be another Saint family?" "Not necessarily. Apart from natural talent, one can also comprehend variables.

But then again, if a family produces a Saint, as long as they refine their blessed land into a small-sized world, they will become a Saint family that will last for thousands of years. But small-sized worlds are hard to refine. "

"There really are many heroes. In a hundred years, many new Saint families will appear and the old ones will be eliminated."

"The best among the old families is the Wu Family. Martial Saint actually revived and joined the Calming Celestial Agency. He actually became a Celestial Lord. In the future, the Wu Family won't be a Saint family but a Celestial Lord family.

Moreover, Martial Emperor has already submitted and Martial Saint is personally nurturing him. But Wu Dangkong has disappeared. This girl has the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman and has the face of the Son of Heaven, but the situation isn't going her way. It seems like even the will of the heavens can't help her. Man conquers the heavens isn't just a saying. "

"Man conquers the heavens. This is the philosophy of our Yongchō. We don't need to fear the heavens, our ancestors don't need to follow the laws, and our words don't need to be compassionate.

Our Yongchō people split the heavens and earth apart. We don't respect the gods, the ghosts, and the heavens. That's why we can create an unprecedented situation. "

"The Demon Race army has gathered and the counterattack has begun. I think that not long from now, we will fight. After we defeat the Demon Race's counterattack, we will earn a huge sum." "Haven't you ever thought about failure? If the Demon Race defeats us, won't all lives be lost? "

"That's impossible. We've never thought about failure. We're invincible. Look at how much the world has changed and how rich our foundations are. You should know that we can't possibly fail.

A few decades ago, Dao Realm people were patriarch-level existences among the people. They were like divine dragons that could be seen but not seen. But now, I'm afraid more than half of the people in the entire nation have entered the Dao Realm. " "That's true. Failure is too far away for us.

Look, the imperial court's Demon Subduing Stronghold has successfully stopped the Demon Race army's attack. "

"Let's figure out a way to earn merit in this Devil Apocalypse. If we can earn merit, we'll be taught, even if it's just a Holy Dragon Pill. We'll be able to become a Sage and establish a foundation and clan that will last for eternity."

"Right now, aside from Situ Hengzhong, the strongest people among the people are Xun Yu of the Xun Clan, Kong Xi of the Kong Clan, Meng He of the Meng Clan, Mo Fei of the Mo Clan, Xia Qi of the Xia Clan, and Yin Xiu of the Yin Clan. All of them have had countless fortuitous encounters, and in the battle against the Demon Race, they've even killed Devil God-level experts. They're all going to become Sage clans very soon. "

Gu Chensha's divine will moved. Everyone's words and information were absorbed into his divine will. Immediately, everyone's condition, even their past and future, appeared in his mind. With a single thought, he could see through anyone's life and death cycle. He could even see through everything that a person had experienced and not experienced.

"There's no trace of the Emperor Of Heaven. Could it be that the Emperor Of Heaven's destined person is among the Demon Race?

That's impossible. Only humans are the most intelligent of all creatures. The Emperor Of Heaven can only appear among humans. Even if the Demon Race has been blessed by the Mandate of Heaven, they still have to exterminate our Yongchō. But the Emperor Of Heaven definitely won't appear among the Demon Race. "

Gu Chensha shook his head and sighed, "It seems like if the Emperor Of Heaven was so easy to find, he wouldn't be called the Emperor Of Heaven." "Brother, why are you sighing?"

At this time, a voice came from beside Gu Chensha. "The Demon Race is running amok. They've gathered their armies and are preparing to invade again. We're in the midst of making contributions. If a real man doesn't contribute to the country and only sighs, what's the point of being successful?"

Gu Chensha hurriedly turned around and saw a young man around fourteen or fifteen years old. The young man was clad in armor and held a long spear in his hand. He was full of heroic spirit as he spoke to him.

"Little brother, I'm not sighing because the Demon Race is running amok but because the Heavenly Dao is unpredictable. The calamity is about to arrive and all living beings are going to be wiped out. Why can't the Heavens accept humans and why the Demon Race is multiplying?"

Gu Chensha's heart jumped and he opened his mouth to speak. He could see that although this teen was a little immature, his cultivation wasn't low. He had actually reached the seventh transformation of the Dao Realm, Leaving the Ground Soaring Realm. He cultivated the Human Dragon Fist and his aura was calm and calm. His talent was actually that of a genius and he could be considered a top person.

"I don't dare. My surname is Zhang and my name is Natural."

The teen known as Zhang Ziran placed the spear on his back and cupped his fists, "Humans are the most intelligent of all creatures, so naturally, they are noble. Nobility comes with many trials and tribulations. If there aren't so many tribulations, then humans won't be able to show their nobility."

"That makes sense. I didn't expect that you would be able to understand such a theory at such a young age."

Gu Chensha was the same age as the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty. He was 35 now and according to normal age, he would be middle-aged. When he looked at Zhang Ziran, it was like he was looking at himself when he was 14 years old. .....