Chapter 12
==========

"It's about time for Lou Baiyue to contact me." Gu Chensha was not surprised and opened the letter. There were only four words on it, "Canal Pier." The signature was "Lou" with a shallow crescent moon. Without a doubt, this was Lou Baiyue. He arranged to meet Gu Chensha at the canal pier.

"Let's go. We'll leave the palace and head for the canal pier."

Gu Chensha passed the letter to his godson, "Take it and burn it. This kind of letter is evidence against Jing 'er. Don't leave anything behind." "Yes." The most flourishing place in the Great Yong dynasty was the capital city. And the most prosperous place in the capital was the canal pier.

The first achievement of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was to build a canal to connect the four directions. In the fourteen years of his reign, he started this huge project and completed it in a short ten years.

In ancient times, there was an emperor who used countless manpower and resources to open the North-South Canal. For a full 30 years, the people had no way to make a living, and the whole world revolted against him. In the end, the emperor was killed.

However, the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor was different. The moment he ascended to the throne, he immediately opened up the canal. This actually increased the morale of the people, allowing the starving people to have food to eat and even earning wages. In the process of digging the canal, if there was a mountain obstructing the way, it would vanish in just a few days. The river, which was difficult to open, was cut open by a huge force in one night. Lu Cheng River.

Countless commoners hailed this as a miracle. After a few years, everyone knew that the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor was the Heaven's Will. Even the ghosts and gods were secretly mobilizing their strength, listening to the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's commands.

As the canal was dug, the throne of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor grew more and more stable. In the end, the hearts of the people supported him and no one could shake his position.

Originally, the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor was an illegitimate child who was forced to live among the commoners. After he ascended to the throne, his position wasn't stable and there were undercurrents flowing in the dark. But with the appearance of the Grand Canal, the hearts of the people were as firm as steel.

Moreover, the opening of the Four Great Canals had eliminated countless disasters such as floods and droughts. Tens of thousands of people had a guaranteed harvest, and resources from all over the world could be continuously transported to the capital. This allowed merchants to prosper and countless people to live. Gu Chensha stood on the dock, watching the ships coming and going, filled with emotion. It could be said that none of the previous emperors could compare to the current one.

The canal was tens of thousands of feet wide, and as far as the eye could see, there was a vast expanse of mist. The water depth was even more than a thousand feet, and no matter how deep a ship's draft was, it could pass through. This was not a small river or river, and it was not something that could be done by humans.

There were boats everywhere on the canal. There were small boats with black awnings, and there were even large ships with five tusks. Apart from these, there were also angry whale ships with extremely deep drafts. They were the navy of the Imperial Court, and their momentum was like a rainbow.

Of course, the most eye-catching thing was the latest iron-armored flywheel developed by the imperial court. The ship wasn't big, and it was wrapped in iron armor. The bottom was a wheel, and it was powered by steam. When it spun, it was as fast as an arrow, and it could easily travel a thousand miles in a day.

This was a ship used by the imperial court to deliver court bulletins and memorials. It could be delivered to various provinces along the canal. With the canal, the imperial court's control over the local areas was strengthened.

Countless new and novel goods were transported from all over the country to the capital and unloaded at the docks. However, the docks were very neat and orderly. In the past, the dock was dirty, messy, and controlled by gangs all year round.

In the tenth year of the Heavenly Talisman, the imperial court issued a decree to ban the gangs among the people. A large number of evil gang leaders were beheaded. For a period of time, it was to everyone's satisfaction. The common people all praised the current emperor as an eternal emperor.

"Newspaper, newspaper, today's newspaper. The imperial court has issued another announcement to strictly prohibit the trading of gold and silver among the people. All goods will be settled with paper money. Anyone who disobeys will be sent to prison." Many newspaper boys waved the newspaper in their hands and shouted.

"This world is indeed well governed."

Gu Chensha thought to himself. Although he didn't have much affection for the emperor, he admired the way the emperor governed the country.

The imperial family didn't have any kinship. Every prince was taken away from their mother at birth. They had a large group of nannies, palace maids, nannies, and eunuchs to take care of them. When they grew up, they would live on their own, study, and practice martial arts. The brothers were suspicious and wary of each other, and there was no way they could share their hearts.

The filial piety of the father and filial piety of a small family was something the imperial family would never have.

The imperial family governed the world with 'filial piety', but the imperial family didn't have 'filial piety'. This couldn't be said to be ironic.

However, this couldn't be helped. The importance of the throne, the divine weapon of the empire, and the power of life and death was in the hands of the officials. For the sake of this kinship, they had to let go.

"If there's a country, there's no home." Gu Chensha sighed to himself.

"Master, the letter only said that we'll be at the pier of the canal. There's no time. Are we supposed to wait here like idiots?" His foster son asked.

"You underestimate the Lou family. I'm afraid that the moment I leave the palace, I'll be followed. They'll naturally come to see me." Gu Chensha saw through everything.

Indeed, before long, a boat broke through the waves and came to a stop at the side of the pier. A man boarded the boat and walked in front of him, "Nineteenth Master, please follow me to the small boat. My master's big boat is in the middle of the river. He has prepared a banquet."

"Lead the way." Gu Chensha knew that this was a servant of the Lou family. He stepped onto the boat and boarded the boat. His foster son followed behind him.

The small boat suddenly shot forward like an arrow. In the blink of an eye, it reached the middle of the river.

This servant steered the boat steadily and moved the oars as if they were flying. However, they didn't stir up any splashes.

The level of his kung fu was beyond the reach of ordinary people. He was probably even stronger than his foster son, who had taken the "Tiger Wolf Pill."

A small servant of the Lou family had such strength. No wonder they could control the government and stand tall. A large ship appeared in the middle of the river.

This ship was black and was actually wrapped in black iron. It was strong and durable, and it had the ability to fight on water.

From the small boat to the big ship, there was a different atmosphere inside. The railings were carved with jade, and the walls were painted with red and gold. The fragrance wafted through the air. The four sides were inlaid with large glass, and one could enjoy the beautiful scenery. The cool breeze blew gently, and the boat on the river was a rare enjoyment.

The big ship had four floors. The first floor was the master's residence, the second floor was for the maidservants, the third floor was for the kitchen, and the bottom floor was for the sailors.

The ship was also driven by flywheels, which were operated by mechanical power. It traveled on the water as if it were flying.

The so-called flywheels were mechanisms created by the Heaven Palace Sect. They only needed to burn kerosene and use the expansion of hot steam to drive them. This was an unprecedented change.

The ship was like a black tiger crouching on the river. It could accommodate hundreds of people, and it could store enough food to support everyone's needs for 10 to 15 days. It was simply a small mansion.

The people on the ship were all strong and powerful. Even the women were agile and cautious, like an army.

"The Lou family has made great achievements in war, and their mansion is governed by military law. This atmosphere is a sign of prosperity." Gu Chensha was trying to figure it out. He had been reading all kinds of books. Recently, he had been enlightened and could see the big picture.

"You can all leave."

The servant retreated. The man who had brought him on the ship said to his foster son, "Grandpa, please come downstairs with me. We have prepared food and wine downstairs." Seeing that Gu Chensha had nodded, the foster son followed. There were only two people left on the upper floor of the ship, a man and a woman. The woman was, of course, Lou Baiyue.

She had her back to Gu Chensha, and she was wearing a light blue cloak. She had the temperament of the deep sea.

"The Heavenly Talisman Dynasty opened the East, West, North, and South Canals. The Emperor named it the Yangtze River, while the North and South Canals were named the Heavenly River."

Lou Baiyue's voice was calm. "For this reason, the Emperor wrote a shocking poem on the day the canal was opened."

"The rolling Yangtze River flows eastward, the waves wash away all heroes. Success or failure turns to nothing. The green mountains are still there, and the setting sun is red.

The white-haired fisherman and woodcutter on the riverbank are used to watching the autumn moon and the spring breeze. They meet over a pot of muddy wine. How many things have happened since ancient times, all in laughter. " She slowly recited the poem, and the desolate atmosphere of history blew over.

This poem was written by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. It was spread all over the world and made scholars bow their heads. Gu Chensha also loved the vastness of this poem, and he often secretly enjoyed it.

But now he didn't know what Lou Baiyue meant. He just listened quietly and waited for her to finish reciting. He smiled and said, "I've never studied hard, so I can't talk about poetry. Why did you call me today?" "Gu Chensha."

Lou Baiyue turned around. She seemed to be taller than a few months ago, and her temperament seemed to have changed. Her cultivation seemed to have reached a high level. "Even if you pretend to be a fool, you can't fool people. You're not a fool. A real fool wouldn't be able to live until now." "What do you want?"

Gu Chensha immediately looked uncertain and panicked. His body also bent a little. This was the concealing technique he had practiced for so many years. How could he be easily provoked and show his true colors?

"I think you already know that I'm under the Emperor's orders to be friends with you.

What do you think? "Lou Baiyue spoke casually, as if this marriage had nothing to do with her and she was talking about someone else.

"No, no, no …" Gu Chensha waved his hand and retreated. He was even more terrified, as if he had met a snake or a scorpion. Although he had received the news early, he didn't know what Lou Baiyue was up to. It was possible that she had set a trap for him.

As early as a few years ago, this woman had let other princes beat him. She was definitely not a good person.

"Although it's the Emperor's orders, today is a private meeting. There's no need to be so formal. Moreover, you're a prince and I'm a subject. If this kind of attitude is spread out, I'm afraid I'll be impeached by the Imperial Censor. I'm a disrespectful subject." Lou Baiyue waved her hand. Her tone was somewhat arrogant. According to the rules, Gu Chensha was a prince. Lou Baiyue's attitude was very disrespectful.

However, Lou Baiyue was arrogant, even to other princes. Someone once complained that she didn't have the courtesy of a subject. Instead, she was praised by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor, saying, "This woman is a proud Marquis. She has the demeanor of an ancient person." From this, it could be seen how much the Emperor doted on her.

"What orders does Imperial Father have?" Gu Chensha asked. Although he had a unique skill, he still showed a cautious and wretched appearance.

"You're really annoying when you act like this."

Lou Baiyue's face darkened. "Although I, Lou Baiyue, look down on all men in the world, the current Emperor is a man of great talent and bold vision. He subdued evil, exterminated evildoers, saved the common people, and brought peace to the country. He even gave the women of the world a chance to stand out. He swept away thousands of years of stale things. No matter how unaccomplished you are, you should still inherit the Emperor's bloodline." Gu Chensha was dumbfounded. "What are you talking about?"

"I met you today mainly to ask you a question." Lou Baiyue's eyes looked down from above. "Do you have the ambition to stand out in the future?" "Stand out?"

Gu Chensha took two steps back. "I'm a prince now. I'm the son of royalty. I'm the son of the dragon and the grandson of the phoenix. What do I need to stand out?"

"You, a prince, are living a life worse than a commoner's. Even if you come from a well-off family in the countryside, you have dozens of servants. When you go out, you have carriages filled with gold and jade. You have food in your mouth and clothes in your hands.

But you live in fear, pretending to be a fool, hiding your strength and biding your time. Even if you live, you're just a good-for-nothing. Don't you want to change? "Lou Baiyue stared at him intently, as if she wanted to see through him.