Chapter 286
===========

"What?

Lord of Seven Stars?! "Gu Tanjian almost jumped to his feet. He was a shrewd man, but he couldn't help himself. The Lord of Seven Stars was the limit. She was the ultimate reincarnation of a star.

In ancient times, there were rumors that those who stepped on the seven stars could command all the armies under heaven. Those who stepped on the seven stars were the sons of heaven, the chosen ones.

In any case, Gu Tanjian knew that if the Lord of Seven Stars were to appear, she would be an Innate Saint, and one of the best.

Such people cultivated extremely quickly, and their comprehension abilities surpassed even Fa Wuxian's.

Fa Wuxian was also an Innate Saint, which was already terrifying. With each passing day, he grew more and more powerful. By now, not many of the old-timers were a match for him. However, the Lord of Seven Stars surpassed Fa Wuxian. Innate Saints were also divided into various ranks.

The Lord of Seven Stars was the highest rank, while Fa Wuxian was a bit inferior. Two of Fa Wuxian would barely be able to fight a single Lord of Seven Stars to a standstill.

Now that Fa Wuxian had appeared from the Legalism School, it was already enough to turn the world upside down. If there were two Fa Wuxian, Gu Shanjian did not know how ferocious the Legalism School would become.

However, he didn't believe that Bao Ming 'er had any information on the Lord of Seven Stars. Even the strongest person would find it difficult to divine the whereabouts of such a person, unless they appeared themselves.

Such people could divine the ages, and their divine abilities were flawless. They were mysterious and invincible.

Even if their cultivation bases were weak, they could avoid all sorts of calamities and wander the natural laws of heaven and earth with ease. Gu Tanjian was sure that no one would be able to divine the whereabouts of the Lord of Seven Stars.

"In this world, there is only one person who can divine the whereabouts of the Lord of Seven Stars," said Bao Ming 'er mysteriously.

"Who?" asked Gu Tanjian. Then he realized something. "Emperor Heavenly Talisman! Only Emperor Heavenly Talisman has that kind of power. "

"In short, I know that the Lord of Seven Stars is about to appear. This information can be traded for Dragonfortune Pills, or even more powerful treasures. What do you think? Three Dragonfortune Pills, and I'll tell you where the Lord of Seven Stars is. " "Three Dragon Fortune Pills? This was not a small number. It was enough to create three peerless geniuses. I'm afraid there aren't even three Profound Immortal Dao sects. "

Gu Tanjian frowned. "But if you really do tell me where the Lord of Seven Stars is, I can give it to you. It's worth it. But how do I know if what you said is true or false? Will you lie to me? " "It's simple. We'll sign a treaty."

Bao Ming 'er said, "Let's use a sliver of our primordial spirits to sign a soul contract. Whoever breaks this contract will suffer a backlash. How about that? You and I both know about this contract. What do you think? "

"Fine. Let's sign a soul contract." Gu Tanjian nodded. "Tell me where the Lord of Seven Stars is, and I'll give you three Dragonfortune Pills."

"No problem," Bao Ming 'er said. "We are all people who have cultivated Nascent Souls. Using the power of our Nascent Souls to form a contract is the fairest way." "In that case, let's begin."

Gu Tanjian's primordial spirit power emerged, condensing into many symbols, ultimately forming a contract. Bao Ming 'er did the same.

The two of them combined the power of their Nascent Souls into a contract, then compared it to each other. Immediately, the contract was formed.

Whoever broke the contract would suffer a backlash, one that would damage the soul and would be difficult to recover from. Even if it could be healed, the price would be enormous.

"Here are three Dragonfortune Pills."

Gu Tanjian pulled out a bottle, within which floated three medicinal pills that only appeared in legends. The three pills floated up and down like wriggling dragons, and emanated a primordial aura. He tossed the bottle over to Bao Ming 'er. He wasn't afraid she'd try anything funny.

Bao Ming 'er caught it, examined it, and then put it away in her sleeve. She knew what was good and what was bad. Her cultivation base had always been strong, and after cultivating in Gu Chensha's fief for two years, her cultivation base had risen steadily. Her current realm was extraordinary, and she had a keen eye for treasures. She had many trump cards up her sleeve.

"Now can you tell me about the Lord of Seven Stars?" Gu Tanjian asked.

"The Lord of Seven Stars' name is Zhuge Ya."

Bao Ming 'er flipped her fingers over. "About half a year ago, when Gu Chensha was traveling Lang Province, Zhuge Ya personally sought him out and revealed his identity as the Lord of Seven Stars. He said he was willing to join the Calming Immortal Bureau, and that he hoped they could help him fuse with the mysteries of the seven stars." "Is that true?"

When Gu Tanjian heard this, he was struck by another bolt from the blue. "The Lord of Seven Stars actually sought out the Calming Immortal Bureau? Doesn't he know that they're weak? Why would he seek them out for protection? Can they protect him? " "First of all, because they're weak, they're no danger to him. If they rely on some other old-timer, they'll refine him first. He can't take that risk.

Second, the Calming Immortal Bureau is in desperate need of talent. If Zhuge Ya goes, he'll immediately gain power, and might even become the fourth head of the bureau.

Third, Heir Apparent, you've forgotten that Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman is still around. He's just in seclusion. Who would dare make a move against the Calming Immortal Bureau? If he ever comes out, wouldn't they all die without a grave?

Fourth, I know you have an extremely powerful backer. Perhaps I can tell you that Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman won't come out of seclusion, but forgive me for being blunt, but your backer is a bit weaker than Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman's. How could he possibly know Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman's movements?

If you believe me, then when Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman comes out, you'll suffer a calamity. "Bao Ming 'er's explanation was clear and logical.

When Gu Zhanjian heard this, he closed his eyes as if he was thinking. After a while, he opened his eyes abruptly. "Bao Ming 'er, you're really something. I don't have anyone like you among my subordinates. You're good at management, scheming, and you have a huge backing.

Just now, I used a secret method to investigate, and I discovered that what you said was true. So that's how it is. I was wondering why Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and the Fourth have abandoned the Calming Immortal Bureau's affairs to hide in their fiefdom. They've been setting up all sorts of deadly formations. I thought they were cultivating some powerful technique or opening the Heavenly Demon Tome. I didn't think they'd be doing this! They're actually hiding the Lord of Seven Stars! " "You found out the truth so quickly?"

As Bao Ming 'er spoke, the contract between the two shattered. Once the contract was completed, it automatically broke. Gu Tanjian hadn't played any tricks. Besides, even if he did, Bao Ming 'er had other plans to deal with it. Most importantly, Bao Ming 'er seemed to be of great value to Gu Tanjian.

"Of course. I've been keeping an eye on the Calming Immortal Bureau's every move for a long time. But you actually know about such a secret.

Could it be that you've already infiltrated the core of the Calming Immortal Bureau? "Gu Tanjian stared at Bao Ming 'er." Logically speaking, this is an absolute secret. " "Of course I have my ways. This is also my secret."

Bao Ming 'er put on a mysterious front. "But as long as Crown Prince understands, as long as you give me enough benefits, I can provide you with even more information."

"Hahahaha …" Gu Tanjian laughed loudly. "Refreshing. Truly refreshing. Our cooperation today was truly delightful. I can't believe you told me such information. The three Dragon Creation Pills were well spent. It seems I really underestimated you.

In that case, if you stay in Gu Chensha's fiefdom, you'll be able to uncover even more secrets. In the future, you'll be able to ruthlessly stab him in the back. I want the Calming Immortal Bureau completely destroyed. That Lou Baiyue in particular must be captured. " "Crown Prince, you're not afraid of my Great Prestige Dynasty."

Bao Ming 'er was still probing. "The person behind Crown Prince is not afraid of the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, but that doesn't mean that Crown Prince is not afraid. My personal advice is that Crown Prince should be careful in everything you do. Don't become a pawn of someone powerful." "What you said makes sense."

Gu Tanjian was getting more and more surprised. "It seems like if you come under my command, I'll be able to benefit more than I imagined."

"Crown Prince, there are also outstanding people under you. For example, the one who is helping Crown Prince run his business in secret." Bao Ming 'er laughed.

"You're trying to find out more about me, but that's fine."

Gu Tanjian waved his hand. "Don't worry about this. Right now, the most important thing is to cooperate with each other. You continue to stay in Gu Chensha's fiefdom and keep a close eye on Zhuge Ya's movements. If anything happens, inform me immediately. How about that?" "Our deal is over."

Bao Ming 'er naturally would not let go of the chance to squeeze Gu Tanjian. "We'll continue our deal." "Very good."

Gu Tanjian laughed. "I like straightforward people like you. In the future, every time you send me an important piece of information, I'll give you a Dragon Raising Pill. How about that?" "Crown Prince, you're really rich. I'll thank you."

Bao Ming 'er stood up and cupped her hands. "I'll go find out more information now so that I can get a Dragon Raising Pill from Crown Prince." "Take care. I won't see you out."

Gu Tanjian did not stop her. Right now, he really needed Bao Ming 'er to send him a steady stream of information.

The Calming Xian Department had many secrets that even Gu Tanjian could not pry into. As Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha's cultivation grew higher and higher, he could only lament his inadequacy. Bao Ming 'er immediately left. Watching her leave, Gu Tanjian smiled. "Mister Feng, you can come out now."

A person walked out from the back hall. This person wore a white cloth wrapped tightly around his head. It was a middle-aged man. He was mysterious and had an ancient aura about him. He was Mister Feng, who had assisted the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha in the past.

"This woman brought such important information."

Mister Feng's eyes flashed as he pondered the shocking news of the Lord of Seven Stars. "But I just used the Celestial Eye Levitation Technique to observe the situation in Gu Chensha's fiefdom. It seems he's telling the truth. There are deadly formations everywhere. If it were something else, there would be no need to mobilize so many people." "Mister Feng, did you not see the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya?" Gu Tanjian divined.