Chapter 177
===========

After this court meeting, almost all the ministers had their own tasks assigned to them.

However, under the arrangements of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, everyone in the court was at ease. The anxiety in the hearts of the people had lessened significantly.

Black qi engulfing the sun, heaven and earth shaking, the descent of a demonic star, these were the signs of calamity. If it was any other dynasty, there would be generals with troops in their hands, ambitious people would rise up in revolt, immortal dao sects and devil dao sects would come out to assist a wise ruler, stealing the destiny of a new dynasty. But now, none of these things would happen in the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty.

After the court meeting was dismissed, Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and Gu Huasha formed a group. The other princes also formed their own groups, discussing spiritedly.

"Old Nineteen, Baiyue, seems like your relationship is progressing very quickly." The Fourth, Gu Huasha, seemed to have noticed something amiss.

"Fourth Brother must be joking, Baiyue and I just had some fortuitous encounters." Gu Chensha hurriedly added, "You should already know about the bone burial ground." "I know, I even went there recently."

The Fourth's expression turned solemn, "After the great changes in heaven and earth, there will be new changes in the Buzhou Palace. Some of the seals in the bone burial ground will be broken, and the devil qi will probably erupt soon."

"I also thought of this." Lou Baiyue said, "After we take care of the Celestial Calmness Bureau, we will go and take over the Buzhou Palace."

"The Celestial Calmness Bureau is the department that the Emperor values the most. Otherwise, he wouldn't have allocated the Saintly Dragon Celestial Army and vast amounts of resources.

But even so, the authority of this yamen is too weak. It is impossible to do something as big as collecting taxes from the immortal dao. "

The Fourth knew the severity of this. "We need to get stronger. If we can take over the Buzhou Palace, the Celestial Calmness Bureau will have a foundation and can collect taxes from some of the smaller immortal dao sects."

"With our current cultivation, we can't even enter the gates of the ancient seventy-two sects, so there's no need to talk about collecting taxes. However, with our current cultivation, we can make the other sects submit to the Imperial Court. However, we can't use force. We have to appease them. After all, the Immortal Dao is not the Demonic Dao.

The first few sects that submit to our Calming Immortal Department can even be given preferential treatment and some benefits. "Lou Baiyue took the lead and flew up. The three of them arrived outside the pass. Thousands of miles of land outside the pass belonged to the capital city.

This was the new capital of the Great Yong Dynasty. Although the earthquake was strong, the new capital was constructed extremely sturdily, so there wasn't much damage. Many people were repairing it, and in a few more days, it should be as good as new.

On the east side of the capital city, a newly built mansion was built. It was tall, wide, and square. It occupied an area of several tens of thousands of mu, and the three large words' Calming Immortal Department 'hung at the top.

When the three of them landed, they saw that the entire Calming Immortal Department's yamen was faintly enveloped by a formation. Unauthorized people couldn't enter.

However, Lou Baiyue took out Regal Propria's medallion and waved it. The formation automatically dispersed, allowing the three of them to enter the deepest part of the yamen.

First, they checked the storeroom to see if all the resources that the Emperor had allocated had arrived.

Lou Baiyue held a booklet in her hands. On it were densely written the resources that the Imperial Court had instigated for the Calming Immortal Department.

When they opened the huge storeroom, the first thing that entered their eyes were nine huge statues that were at least three to four people tall. The upper bodies of these statues were human, and the lower bodies were that of dragons and serpents. Their auras were ancient, as if they were ancient gods from the prehistoric times. The Desolate Gods had descended into the mortal world.

"This is the Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier?

How strong are they? "Gu Chensha walked up and knocked on the body of the statue. The sound was so deep that it sounded like the chaos of heaven and earth.

"This pair of Sacred Dragon Soldiers hasn't been activated yet. Once they're activated, I'm afraid the three of us won't be a match for each soldier even if we join forces. Together, these nine soldiers can kill us all in an instant." Lou Baiyue clicked his tongue in admiration.

"So strong? That is impossible, right?"

Gu Chensha didn't dare to believe it. "Baiyue, your cultivation is at the 11th Dao Realm Transformation. Along with the Great Massacre God Technique, you can probably wipe out a small demon sect. Fourth Brother is also indiscernible. The three of us together can't even deal with one Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier?"

"19th Brother, the Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier is an ancient treasure. If it was a normal puppet, then what was the point of giving it to us?

Didn't you see that Calming Celestial Department was a tough job? But when they heard that Father was giving it to us, all of them were green with envy. "

The Fourth Prince put his hands behind his back and looked at the weapon. "Furthermore, Father has modified the Celestial Weapon of the Sacred Dragon, eliminating all its original flaws. It's extremely useful. Baiyue, you're the War Master. Nineteenth Brother and I are your assistants. You'll be the one to activate the Celestial Weapon of the Sacred Dragon. Firstly, we don't have your Innate Gang Qi.

"Okay, activating the Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier requires huge amounts of Xiantian energy. If you activate it, you will suffer heavy losses." A black lotus appeared around Lou Baiyue's body.

The lotus spun slightly and nine streaks of black energy shot out and landed on the Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier's body.

The black energy was like a river that surged endlessly. The nine-headed Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier was like a bottomless hole that absorbed it.

Lou Baiyue's expression didn't change as she continued to inject energy. Even after several hours, she still couldn't activate it.

Gu Chensha was in awe of Yi Ming. If it was Yi Ming, not to mention a few hours, even if he only activated one, he could only sustain it for a few hundred breaths with such a powerful input of Innate Gang Qi.

When night fell, the Yin energy in the air thickened, and the Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier emitted pure Yang energy.

Lou Baiyue didn't know how much Xiantian energy he had instilled. Even The Fourth and Gu Chensha's eyes widened as if saying, "You're not human." The hour of midnight was the time when Yin reached its peak and Yang was born.

The nine-headed Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier suddenly shook and opened their eyes, waking up from their slumber. They opened their mouths wide.

In an instant, the void was opened. Spiritual energy mixed with purple immortal energy was sucked into their bodies. They could actually absorb immortal energy on their own. They were no different from Black Tortoise babies.

"Alright, they're finally activated."

Lou Baiyue retracted her Xiantian energy. "They're completely under my command now. However, the Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier can't be moved easily. They must absorb thirty-six days of spiritual energy and immortal energy before they can launch an attack.

After that, they must absorb for another thirty-six days. After thirty-six cycles of sun and moon, they can launch a second attack. "

"It's that troublesome?" Gu Chensha flipped through the book of light and found records of the Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier.

He found that the Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier originally needed to absorb 108 days of spiritual energy and immortal energy before it could launch an attack. But after being modified by Emperor Celestial Talisman, it only needed 36 days.

"It's really amazing to see a single brilliant feat."

The Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier was a top-notch puppet, but it couldn't work like the Heavenly Works Ghost Immortal or the Millennium Bone Demon. It was born purely for battle. Moreover, it had been accumulating energy for many days. Once released, it could slay ghosts and immortals. No wonder it was so powerful. Gu Chensha seemed to have learned some kind of knowledge from the Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier. This knowledge allowed him to have a deeper comprehension of the Clumsy Fist Dao.

"The nine Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldiers have been activated. In 36 days, they will accumulate enough energy and then we can bring them along. If we meet an expert, we can lock onto that expert and see what kind of expert can escape." The Fourth Gu Huasha said.

"Anyone above Dao Realm Transformation 20 will die. The moment the Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier attacks, no one will be able to escape."

Lou Baiyue said, "Alright, let them accumulate their strength. We'll check the armors, weapons, elixirs, artifacts, and valuables …"

The three of them counted according to the list and there were no mistakes. Only then did they relax. They knew that Emperor Celestial Talisman was invincible and no one dared to cheat.

In the past, even if the Imperial Court allocated money and grain, the Ministry of Revenue would deduct it or pass it off as high quality. There were many cases of generals and officials arguing with one another. Celestial Talisman was much better now.

But this time, the Calming Celestial Agency allocated too many things at once. Lou Baiyue and the other two didn't dare to be careless and had to check carefully before they could be at ease.

"The treasures and treasures are all in order. I will write a report to His Majesty. Next is to recruit people."

Lou Baiyue said, "The Calming Celestial Agency is an important office and the people we recruit must be our own people. If we let people with bad intentions sneak in, it will be problematic." "I have Liu Yu, Mo Chao, Qian Zhen, Jia Liang, Zhou Bu, and Long Zaifei.

They can all take on great responsibilities. I think we should recruit them into the Calming Celestial Agency to gain experience. "

Gu Chensha only had these six capable subordinates, so naturally, he had to find a place for them. Once they entered the Calming Celestial Agency, they would become officials of the Imperial Court. But now, they were just servants in a feudal land.

Moreover, after joining the Calming Celestial Agency, they would receive great training and become officials of the Imperial Court. They would also be able to establish their influence and maneuver freely.

Now, although Long Yuyun and Frost Jade Dew weren't by his side, they were developing in the Imperial Court and were very useful. He only needed to send a message and everything would be handled properly. He also enjoyed the benefits of forming cliques in the Imperial Court.

If a prince didn't have a clique in the Imperial Court, he would be hindered in every way and find it difficult to move an inch.

"The six of you are all extraordinary and have great luck. Joining the Calming Celestial Agency is like adding wings to a tiger."

Lou Baiyue already knew about Gu Chensha's background. Liu Yu and the other four were descendants of the Gods of Five Seasons. Their aptitudes were between geniuses and unparalleled geniuses. Long Zaifei was an out-and-out unparalleled genius. His future was practically limitless.

"I have already decided. I will be the department head of the Calming Celestial Agency, and the two of you will be the deputy department heads. There will be twelve generals, twenty-four flag masters, and thirty-six immortal catchers. What do you think?" Lou Baiyue said.

"We are willing to follow your instructions." Gu Chensha and The Fourth nodded.

"I will discuss the specific details again. However, there is a rule, and that is, we will only recruit geniuses," Lou Baiyue said.

"Of course."

The Fourth said, "Imperial Father has allocated so many resources. Our Calming Celestial Agency has enough resources to recruit geniuses." "Fourth Brother, you should have geniuses under your command, right?" Gu Chensha asked.