Chapter 758
===========

Gu Chensha was naturally prepared. He had a huge advantage in the dream world as many changes hadn't come yet. He could find many treasures and use many powers in the real world. For example, the Buddhist Sect. He grasped all their secrets.

The Buddhist Sect's Paramita Golden Mountain was still hidden in the depths of the space-time turbulence. But after Gu Chensha cultivated the Divine Land Gourd, with the help of the secrets of the Buddhist Sect that he had obtained, he could directly use his will to cross the distant space-time and activate the power of the dimensional world. Moreover, he had an even greater advantage than in the real world. In the real world, he didn't refine Xing Qiongshi's head into the God Land Gourd.

Now that he had refined the Xing Qiong Clan's head and fused with the Divine Land Gourd, the Great Divine Continent Technique he could unleash was far more powerful than he was in the real world.

This meant that in the real world, his strength was on par with experts at the 35 and 36 Dao Realm. But now, when he used the God Land Technique, he could even harm Heaven Venerables. Apart from that, if he used the full power of the God Land Gourd and used the power of the God Land, it would be the same as Gu Tiansha using the power of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand.

Each time the God Land Gourd absorbed a true god, Gu Chensha would be able to use more of the God Land's power.

The Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, could use the power of the sun and moon. Those were two great thousand worlds, but the power of the Divine Prefecture's Middle Earth was much more terrifying than the power of the Sun and Moon great thousand worlds. Right now, Gu Tiansha was only using a little bit of it. If he used all of it, he would be able to kill gods, buddhas, celestial venerables, celestial venerables, and celestial primes.

The Central Divine Prefecture was the center of the Endless World, and even the myriad of worlds. This world contained boundless supreme secrets.

The more Gu Chensha cultivated the God Land Technique, the more he sensed the mysteries of the God Land's power.

At that moment, he used the Paramita Gold Mountain's power and injected it into the God Land Gourd. Instantly, the God Land's power became even faster. At that moment, the entire Chaos Demon Ape's God Country was activated by the gourd. With a shua, all the power was sucked away and it exploded. Like a barrel of gunpowder being ignited, a large amount of small-thousand power exploded. It condensed into a ball and entered the God Land Gourd. In just one breath.

In just a breath, the Divine Land Gourd had already absorbed the entire Chaos Demon Ape's God Country. A Minor Chiliocosm had actually vanished into thin air in the blink of an eye? Who could believe this?

Back then, in the real world, Xing Qiongshi had used the Divine Prefecture Great Technique and almost caused the Martial Saint's Abode to explode with a single punch. Now, Gu Chensha's Divine Prefecture Great Technique was many times more powerful than Xing Qiongshi's. In a breath's time, the True God's Divine Kingdom's Small Thousand World was directly swallowed up as food. Gulp, gulp.

The power in the Mini Chiliocosm was absorbed by the Divine Land Gourd. This was the second Divine Kingdom. Countless mysterious things inside the Divine Land Gourd were fermenting, vibrating, spreading, and roaring fiercely. Suddenly, more power of the Divine Land was triggered. Rumble! The depths of Gu Chensha's Divine Land Gourd had already locked onto the Chaos Demon Ape.

At this time, the Divine Land Gourd was originally made from the head of Xing Qiongshi, the most ferocious man in the Divine Land. In addition, Gu Chensha's Divine Path Technique was constantly pouring into it. It had absorbed the God Country of Thunder's True God Country, God Position, and the body. With the help of Wen Hong's Sacrificial Decree, it had changed continuously and finally formed a body. Now, in an instant, it had absorbed the Chaos Demon Ape's God Country, and its power had increased even more. Gu Chensha was chasing after the wind and the moon. Next, he was going to destroy the Chaos Demon Ape's body. In an instant, countless forces swept over. Between heaven and earth, there were the strongest notes everywhere. Rumble!

Gu Chensha's body had become one with the Divine Land Gourd, absorbing the Chaos Demon Ape and the doppelganger of The Great Spirit God.

"The power of the Divine Land?

You can actually use the power of the Divine Land. Your Divine Land Grand Method is much more exquisite than Xing Qiongshi's. "

Suddenly, the doppelganger of The Great Spirit God changed violently. It turned into a sharp sword and slashed out a long river. In an instant, it destroyed the force field created by the Divine Land Gourd, and then shot out.

"The Great Spirit God is really powerful."

Gu Chensha really peeped into the secret of The Great Spirit God. He knew that with his current strength, it was unrealistic to completely kill the The Great Spirit God in the dream world. But The Great Spirit God could not stop him from killing the gods one by one.

The Chaos Demon Ape was absorbed into the Divine Land Gourd. As soon as the doppelganger of The Great Spirit God left, he had no ability to resist.

"Gu Chensha, could it be that you want to destroy our Ape Clan?"

Although he was absorbed into the Divine Land Gourd and was about to be destroyed, the Chaos Demon Ape did not seem surprised at all. He was not afraid at all. Instead, he was thinking about his own ape clan.

"Not necessarily. As long as you're willing to accept my ideals and work for me, and your ape tribe follows my instructions to cultivate and offer sacrifices, or even help me spread my ideology in the Central Divine Prefecture, I'll definitely let you go.

But I won't believe anything you say now. I'd better refine you into a marquis first. Your spirituality will be preserved. That is to say, you won't die, but you will be transformed. "Gu Chensha's time was very precious. He did not have time to discuss conditions with the Chaos Demon Ape here.

He knew that the longer he stayed in the dream world, the more danger he would face in the real world.

The real world was his foundation. If some old antiques sneaked in, and Gu Chensha added fuel to the fire, he was afraid that he would face a great disaster. Therefore, he had to get out of the dream world quickly and defeat the will of the Heaven Realm. Under such a premise, no matter how mysterious the Chaos Demon Ape was, he did not care about it.

"Change of the Way of Heaven, Divine Land Dragon …" Gu Chensha refined again and immediately transformed the Chaos Demon Ape. At the same time, he obtained some exquisite memories from his sea of consciousness.

"I see, I see."

A look of enlightenment appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "This Chaos Demon Ape has comprehended the true face and secret of human nature and demonic nature. This god is really an outstanding figure in the Demon Clan. Even I have not comprehended this level. This time, I have obtained the secret of how he refined the demonic nature and turned it into human nature, which can make my 'Great People's Enlightenment Scripture' go a step further and reach the true understanding of the fundamental secret of the spirit of all things."

Gu Chensha was overjoyed. He never expected that he could obtain such benefits from the Chaos Demon Ape.

The 'Great People's Enlightenment Scripture' was the supreme cultivation method that Gu Chensha used to purify all things and spread his own ideas. However, there were some imperfections, and it did not break through the most core thing.

It was impossible for all things to be completely transformed into human beings. Human form was easy to change, but human nature was difficult to change. The reason why human beings were the spirit of all things was that human nature had a special place.

If Gu Chensha were to completely comprehend the changes in human nature, it would mean that his cultivation would truly be able to break through all obstructions and enter a deep and unfathomable realm. To a Divine level expert like him, this would be something that could be easily attained. Surprisingly, the Chaotic Demonic Ape had comprehended it to this point.

With the help of his comprehension, Gu Chensha's Way of Heaven kept changing, and there was a hint of the power of the world.

"The Great People's Enlightenment Scripture!"

Gu Chensha integrated this understanding into his own original scripture. Immediately, the same scripture appeared in the Divine Land Gourd. It seemed that there were hundreds of millions of mosquito-sized Buddhas, True Gods, Sages, and even Heavenly Masters chanting. Boom! The Divine Land Gourd exploded.

The gourd finally showed a great feeling of controlling the Divine Land, purifying all beings, and saving all lives.

"This cultivation method has finally reached perfection."

Gu Chensha sighed. He carried the Divine Land Gourd and landed at the gathering place of the ape clan. At the peak of Mount Meru, that was the nest of the ape clan.

Gu Chensha had been here once. That time, it was a theft in the real world. It was a bit thrilling, but it was different now. He directly suppressed the Chaos Demon Ape. Next, there were no experts of the ape clan who could stop him. As for the three God-level experts, such as the Thousand Transformation Stone Ape, the Yin-Yang Ghost Ape, and the King Kong Fighting Ape, they were all existences that could be killed with a flick of a finger.

"Gourd!" Gu Chensha raised the Divine Land Gourd.

Immediately, a huge power covered a large area of time and space, as well as the mountains and rivers on the earth. The entire gathering place of the ape clan was under the attraction of the gourd. Ah …

All of the ape clan did not know what was happening. They only felt that the sky was dark, the sun and moon were dim, and time and space were changing.

Even the three godly apes felt that something was wrong. They roared and tried their best to break out, but it was to no avail.

In just a few breaths, the experts of the ape clan on Mount Meru were all absorbed by the Divine Land Gourd.

"The gourd's power has increased again. I don't plan to kill these ape experts. They will all become real people and spread my ideals." Gu Chensha's power and scriptures repeatedly washed in the depths of the gourd. The apes that were absorbed all turned into common people's generals. All of the ape clan's treasures were fused into the gourd.

"Not bad. This treasure has enough power, but it still needs a long time to transform into a medium-class world. However, I can go kill a few more True Gods and fuse the God Positions into them. When it becomes stronger, I will collect all of Xing Qiongshi's bodies. That way, there will be no obstacles in transforming it into a medium-class world." Gu Chensha was decisive. He started to sweep.

One day later, the Tiger God's True God God Kingdom suddenly disappeared. Two hours after the Tiger God disappeared, the Wolf God also suddenly disappeared. There was no sign of a battle.

Two days later, the Barbarian Saint suddenly disappeared. Even his Barbarian Saint Palace and the dozen or so disciples of the Barbarian Emperor disappeared.