Chapter 520
===========

If Heavenly Talisman Emperor didn't kill Xuan Xin, there might be one more sage in Heavenly Heaven Sect, who might even surpass the sage level. If there was only a sage, the three heavenly masters would not have made such a plan. The three heavenly masters had felt the threat from Xuan Xin.

After Xuan Xin's death, Heavenly Heaven Sect suffered a great loss of fortune and could barely maintain the first place among the 72 far-ancient sects. Therefore, the gap between them and Taixuan of Taiyi Fantasy Sect had been narrowing. Taiyi Fantasy Sect always wanted to challenge the first place of Heavenly Heaven Sect.

This time, Taixuan handed his son Tai Mang Di to Zhuge Ya. It was a good move. Now, Taixuan Fantasy Sect had obtained the Dragon-raising Sutra. Over time, there would be many geniuses in Taiyi Fantasy Sect.

Geniuses in a sect were the real middle force. The more geniuses there were, the more powerful the middle force would be and the stronger the fate of the sect would be. Take Taiyi Heavenly Palace in Taiyi Fantasy Sect as an instance, it was also a small world which enjoyed the worship and prayers of its disciples.

The prayers of one more genius disciple were even more powerful than the prayers of hundreds of ordinary disciples. This was the most important thing.

Any clan, any sect, their ancestors' spirits and Dongtian all needed their disciples to pray and offer sacrifices. As the saying went, the major events of a country depended on sacrifices and rites.

In a clan, the more prosperous the sacrifices were, the more intense the power of sacrifices would be, and the easier it would be to summon the ancestors' spirits. So did Xuanmen Sect. The power of prayers and sacrifices of talented disciples was of very high quality.

Therefore, although the battle strength of talented disciples was a part of the importance, prayers and sacrifices were more important. It was the same in Tranquil Fairy Department.

All the disciples had to make a vow every day, which was similar to a sacrifice. This power would be absorbed by the tree of wishes and converted into the world energy to consolidate the ball of people's wishes.

Now that Tranquil Fairy Department had obtained the Dragon-raising Sutra and the Dragon-making Sutra, all the disciples would be geniuses and unparalleled geniuses. The power of the vow and the vow would be as overwhelming as a tsunami.

The vow and the vow of an unparalleled genius were equal to the vow of tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of ordinary people. As for natural-born sages, they could not be described by numbers.

Because of this, more than one hundred and fifty thousand cultivators in the "Lesser Divine Land" were all cultivating the Dragon Nurturing Mantra. The willpower they provided was endless, causing the power in the sphere to be almost endless.

Gu Chensha looked at Xuan An, deep in his heart, he was thinking about Xuan Xin and Gu Tanjian's deal.

"I must obtain the Holy Dragon's aura. Brother Bouncing Sword, please state your conditions."

Xuan An's demeanor was elegant and graceful, and Gu Chensha realized that his Cultivation base had reached the twenty-seventh transformation, the Seamless Gap of Two Realms. Just now, he had used his own magical power to tear through space to appear. Even if Gu Chensha used his own magical power to deal with him, it wouldn't be easy.

Of course, if Gu Chensha were to channel the Heavenly Dao Arts into the All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel and unleash the power of the cudgel that could shatter space, it wouldn't be impossible for him to kill this kid, and he wouldn't even need to use the power of the Life's Wish sphere.

If it was Dou Nineteen who wanted to activate the All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel, he wouldn't be able to use the ability to shatter space because his magical power level wasn't high enough.

However, Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Arts could even save Sages, and he could even revive the dead "Buddha statue". Using the All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel to shatter space wasn't difficult at all.

The most amazing thing was that if he extracted the power of the world from the Life's Wish sphere and channeled it into the cudgel, Gu Chensha would be able to fight against a God Realm expert and even destroy a God Realm expert. The battle with the Peerless Heaven Book had proven all of this.

"I need puppets from the Black Heaven and Earth Sect. Heaven and Earth Divine Generals, 360 of them? How about that? "Gu Tanjian stretched out a finger.

"Brother Bouncing Sword, you have a big appetite."

Xuan An's eyelids twitched. "Our Black Heaven and Earth Sect's Heaven and Earth Divine Generals are made from Green Dragon Divine Wood, Heaven and Earth Divine Gold, Meritorious Good Water, Central Earth, and Nine Heavens Li Fire. They were then forged in the Black Heaven and Earth Sect for thousands of years. Every Heaven and Earth Divine General is of the Vajra level, which is equivalent to a Dao Realm Six Transformations All Together expert. I'm afraid it's impossible for you to ask for 360 of them."

"Although your Heaven and Earth Divine Generals are of a high level, their quality is far inferior to the General of the Tranquil Deity Department. The General of the Common People has five levels of the True Dragon Technique, and all of them can transform into the River of All Creation. If they increase their level, they can quickly crush the Heaven and Earth Divine Generals.

My Holy Dragon Blessing is hard to come by. Your Black Heaven and Earth Sect can create Heaven and Earth Divine Generals, but you definitely can't turn your talent into a Natural Saint, "Gu Tanjian said.

"No, definitely not. Even if I agree, I don't have the authority. Even my father can't. We have to call a meeting of the Grand Elders to make a decision."

Xuan An said, "Brother Flicking Sword, you should know that although I'm the Young Sect Leader, I have many brothers and competitors. Even if I secretly exchange Heaven and Earth Divine Generals for the Holy Dragon Blessing, I'm afraid I'll be punished. Moreover, even if I do it secretly, I can't do it."

"Since that's the case, we can't talk anymore." Gu Tanjian sighed. "The Black Heaven and Earth Sect has strict rules. I really admire them."

"This time, I came down the mountain to help the World Alliance destroy the Tranquil Deity Department and unify the world," Xuan An said.

"I'll take care of the matter of contacting the Celestial Dao. Actually, the Tranquil Deity Department is gathering second and third-rate Celestial Dao sects to form an alliance. It's like a rolling snowball. In time, it'll destroy the order of the Celestial Dao. I have to take care of it." He didn't mention the Holy Dragon Blessing anymore. However, Gu Chensha could already tell that this person was secretly discussing with Gu Tanjian.

The Holy Dragon Blessing was extremely important to him. Not only could it help him become an Innate Saint, but it could also help him raise his status in the sect.

Once he became an Innate Saint, he'd be the next successor of the sect. His authority and the resources he'd be able to use wouldn't be comparable to what he had now.

"Even the three Celestial Venerables couldn't get their hands on the Holy Dragon Blessing, but The Great Spirit God could. He's so cunning."

Gu Chensha thought of many countermeasures. Dou Nineteen wasn't an Innate Saint, which meant that the three Celestial Venerables didn't get their hands on the Holy Dragon Blessing. "This Xuan An is actually helping Wu Dangkong. It seems that the Black Heaven and Earth Sect Leader and the other old antiques are also targeting Wu Dangkong's Heavenly Sacrifice Decree, just like the Dharma Saint."

"With Young Master An contacting us in the Immortal Path, we won't have to worry. We'll definitely be able to destroy the Imperial Eclipse in one strike." Gu Xuansha seemed to see some hope.

"Very good. Then let's do our jobs."

Wu Dangkong had already surpassed Gu Tanjian and firmly occupied the position of Heaven Alliance's leader. "We can only succeed this time. Defeat is not an option. We'll destroy the Calmness Deity Department in one battle and turn the tables." "Yes, Alliance Leader." At this moment, Xuan An cupped his hands. Fa Wuxian also cupped his hands. Gu Chensha's Wudang Xing also cooperated. Gu Tanjian's expression was extremely ugly, but there was nothing he could do.

Fa Wuxian suddenly dashed out and disappeared. The Legalists were in contact with the Dwarf Demon Saint, the Dwarf Death Emperor, and were preparing to activate the Spirit Demon Project. As one of the representatives of the Dharma Saint, Fa Wuxian was the perfect candidate to enter the Demon Domain.

With Xuan An's persuasion in the Immortal Path, he could definitely pull out many experts to attack the Calmness Deity Department.

Gu Chensha's Wudang Xing also received a mission, which was to cooperate with the Sun and Moon Department among the people. After the operation was activated, they would arrest all the officials in the world. At the same time, they would destroy the Calmness Deity Department's Chamber of Commerce and stores, and capture some key figures of the Calmness Deity Department, such as Long Yuyun, Yu Hanlu, Long Zaifei, Lou Huaiyue, Liu Yu, Yi Ming, Yi Zheng, Little Yi Zi, and so on. These people were very active in the Calmness Deity Department. After these people left, Gu Chensha stayed. He seemed to have something to say to Wu Dangkong.

"Wudang Xing, why didn't you complete the mission I gave you? Why are you still here? What are you trying to do? "Wu Dangkong frowned.

"Wu Dangkong, you and I are both members of the Wu Clan. We are of equal seniority. I am also the envoy of the nine Old Ancestors. I am here to keep an eye on you, to prevent you from doing anything harmful to the Wu Clan. Now that there are only the two of us left, it is time to lay our cards on the table," Gu Chensha said fiercely.

"Lay our cards on the table?" Wu Dangkong laughed coldly. "What are you trying to do? Lay our cards on the table?

Also, since you are here, I really have some things to ask you. Why are you colluding with Gu Tanjian? What are your intentions? Also, who are you hugging? Gu Tanjian looks so serious. It seems like the powerful being behind you can really contend against the Dharma Saint. You did all these behind the back of the Wu Clan's nine Old Ancestors.

You even came into contact with a Martial Emperor and obtained benefits from him, but you did not tell the Old Ancestors. Why are you here to supervise me? "

"Alright, we are both members of the Wu Clan. This time, there is no need for us to attack each other. Instead, we will help each other. First, we will destroy the Calmness Fairy Agency and obtain the benefits. We cannot let Gu Tanjian have the Common People's Wish Sphere, the Heavenly Demon Tree, and many other treasures." Gu Chensha began to speak glibly again.

"What do you think?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"Regardless of whether it is Xuan An or Fa Wuxian, the big shots behind them are all scheming for your Heaven Sacrifice Decree. You should know this very well," Gu Chensha said.

"I think you are even more vicious than them. You actually want to ally with Gu Tanjian and cause the Martial Emperor and the Wu Clan's Old Ancestors to suffer great losses. Then, you will obtain a great opportunity.

If I tell the nine Old Ancestors about this, what do you think will happen to you? "Wu Dangkong had something on" Wudang Xing. "