Chapter 1122
============

A Powerful Collision

"I've used up a billion years of my lifespan in this short amount of time? How terrifying. "

A long while later, Zhou Qin emerged from the Unlifespan World, trembling as if he'd used up a lot of energy.

In the Unlifespan World, he'd sacrificed his lifespan to block Gu Chensha's senses. It had taken a lot of energy, and in the short time they'd spent discussing, he'd used up the lifespan of an Undying expert.

When the Dharma Saint had first reached the Undying level, he'd only had a billion years of lifespan.

Of course, if my lifespan is used up, I will definitely die. This move of Gu Chensha's is really ruthless. He has found a balance in this. If there is no consumption of lifespan, then the entire multivariate universe will really become a freak. However, I have also used this to capture your flaw. Once I break free from your control and steal the flaw, I will be able to have unlimited lifespan to squander. That will be the time of your death. "Zhou Qin, the youth in green, could not help but sigh." However, being able to spend a billion years of my lifespan to block Gu Chensha's senses is considered a pretty good ability. Otherwise, based on the situation in the past, this would be impossible. Whoosh!

At this moment, a young man in red appeared in front of Zhou Qin. This young man was one of the six giants, Hong Yi.

"Everything's going according to plan," Hong Yi said.

"We're proceeding according to our initial plan. Of course, if Gu Chensha finds out, we'll have a lot of variables," Zhou Qin said.

"We just need to steal lifespan," Hong Yi said.

Hong Yi said, "Gu Chensha's interface has advantages and disadvantages. The greatest advantage is that he can burn his lifespan to do anything. As long as you have enough lifespan, you can do things we couldn't before.

If we can steal an unlimited amount of lifespan, with the help of this matter, we can take another step forward. That kind of karma and loss can also be borne by Gu Chensha. When that time comes, he can only die without a burial ground. "

"That's right. He created this enormous network, or system, that covers all living beings in the world. But every system has a loophole. As long as we take advantage of it, we can do whatever we want. Even Gu Chensha won't be able to do anything to us. "Zhou Qin nodded.

"To be honest, we're all much stronger than other experts at the Supreme Immortal Realm. However, we're not Gu Chensha's equal opponents. If we fight one on one, he can kill us easily. No doubt about it."

Hong Yi said, "The first step we need to do is to join forces and make him feel apprehensive. He can't kill us at will. That way, our safety will be guaranteed." "Right now, the six of us can form a formation, but I don't know if we can stop Gu Chensha."

Zhou Qin's face darkened. "Who would've thought that we, the most outstanding protagonists of countless eras, would end up in a situation where we can't even if we team up?"

"That's not surprising. Times have changed, and the world has changed. of course. The world is no longer of the same. isn't the real world.

Whether Gu Chensha exists or not is still within our calculations. "Hong Yi suddenly said something that no one could understand. At his level, his way of thinking was completely different from ordinary people.

"This is the most profound question. I suspect that we'll have to cultivate to the so-called Undying Realm before we'll be able to understand this," Zhou Qin said, "Let's just start stealing lifespan first."

"If the six of us join forces and activate some sort of secret art, we can instantly turn the entire multiverse into nothingness. We can even create new worlds and old worlds. Even the newly ascended Lifeless World would not be able to withstand it. However, I suspect that if we do that, we will be directly killed," Hong Yi said.

"I don't think things will get this bad."

Zhou Qin said, "In those days, there were Four Great Gentlemen, Mister Wu Wu, Mister Wu Xin, Mister Wu Wei, Mister Wu Xiang. Gu Chensha was able to kill these four people, but because he was afraid of harming the innocent, he was able to kill these four people.

He was afraid that all the worlds would be destroyed in the great battle, so he didn't kill the four of them. It can be seen that Gu Chensha's strength was actually very limited in the past. Now, each of us is millions of times stronger than the four misters combined. If he wants to easily kill the six of us, I'm afraid he will have to pay a great price. "

"We can't take the risk. If we're killed, then there's no possibility of resurrection. Even in the future, we won't appear again. We'll completely disappear from this illusory world." Hong Yi said, "That's why we have to plan carefully and carefully. If we can steal lifespan, then we will have truly grasped Gu Chensha's weakness. "

"Gu Chensha has always been waiting for an extremely powerful person to come into being so that he can fight him."

Zhou Qin said, "So we can do some small things. As long as it is within his bottom line, he will tolerate it."

"If that's the case, we will create an existence that can contend against him, and perish together with him. Then, we will be the fishermen that reap the benefits." Hong Yi said, "Everything depends on the next plan." "What plan do you have? Tell me about it." Just then, a few voices sounded out.

Then, a group of people appeared in front of Zhou Qin and Hong Yi. They were Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, Martial Sage, Zhuge Ya, Chang Weiyang, Little Godson, Long Yuyun, Yu Hanlu, Long Zaifei, Liu Yu, Qian Zhen, Zhou Bu, Jia Liang, Mo Chao, Longevity God, Taiyi Grandmaster, Chang Yuzhou, Tai Mengdi, and the others. Nearly a hundred Undying Realm experts appeared in front of the two. They were all experts under Gu Chensha's command.

They had followed Gu Chensha all the way from the Endless Mainland all the way to where they were now. The pavilion closest to the water enjoys the moonlight first. In the past 100,000 years, they had obtained the Essence that Gu Chensha had comprehended, and would be able to cultivate to the Undying state very soon.

One hundred thousand years had passed, and many unknown people had cultivated to the Undying Realm. There was no reason for Gu Chensha's people to remain silent.

Moreover, in the past one hundred thousand years, Gu Chensha had collected information on many people ascending to the Undying Realm. He could already mass produce Undying Realm experts.

However, he did not do so. He only imparted some knowledge to his subordinates, and some of his own insights. These subordinates of his naturally cultivated to the Undying Realm.

In terms of accumulation, no one in the world could compare to the group of people around Gu Chensha.

They were now called 'antiques from the previous era' by the powerful existences in the multivariate universe, meaning that they were powerful existences that existed before the multivariate universe.

Indeed, before the multivariate universe was formed, it was still the Heaven Realm of the Land of Infinity. It was only after the Heaven Realm was destroyed that the Human Realm was formed, and gradually became the multivariate universe.

After so many years, the original living beings in the Heaven Realm of the Land of Infinity were mostly dead. There were not many antiques left, but those that were left were all existences that could penetrate the Heavens and Earth. Even the Dharma Saint was now a powerful being of the Undying Realm. As time passed, the number of living beings in the Land of Infinity would only decrease.

One must know that some of the new generation of powerful beings in the multivariate universe had already discovered that as long as they killed the ancient living beings and humans left behind in the Land of Infinity, they would be able to extract a lot of valuable items from them. In fact, they could even increase their lifespan, and obtain materials that could allow them to improve their cultivation base by leaps and bounds. That was the reason why the living beings in the Heaven Realm were so outstanding. But because of that, they became targets for others to hunt.

"Good, good, good! Very good!"

Zhou Qin and Hong Yi looked at the close to a hundred Undying Realm powerful beings in front of them, and yet, they were not afraid at all. Suddenly, Zhou Qin let out a long roar, "Initially, I did not want to mess with you guys. After all, you guys have Gu Chensha as your backing. But now that you guys have come knocking on my door, there's no other way. I, Zhou Qin, have never backed down. In the future, I will be the absolute ruler. There's no such thing as Gu Chensha!" "We're courting death?"

Lou Baiyue sneered coldly, "I'm afraid that you guys have colluded with the people of the Undying Universe and have long had your eyes on us. You guys want to take us down one by one and use us to threaten Gu Chensha, or do some other despicable things. But, it doesn't matter. Since you guys are scheming against us, we might as well not fall into your trap. We'll just send ourselves right to your doorstep. Let's see if you can get your way then. Set up the formation! " BOOM! At Lou Baiyue's command, the close to a hundred Undying Realm experts gathered into a formation.

The people of the imperial court that Gu Chensha had led back then were all here. Some of the old officials had also become Undying Realms. There were the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises, Zen Ishinaka, and the Calming Immortal Department.

These people were the backbone of Gu Chensha's new world. Not to mention, they were the stabilizing force. If it weren't for them, the multiverse would probably be even more chaotic right now. After all, Gu Chensha was just a bystander. He wouldn't come out to manage things. The ones managing things were Lou Baiyue and the others.

Of course, Gu Chensha wouldn't interfere with what Lou Baiyue and the others did. Lou Baiyue and the others had their own ideals and thoughts. It wasn't unreasonable for them to want the multiverse to have its own rhythm.

Now that Lou Baiyue and the others had gathered, it was reasonable that they wanted to test the quality of Zhou Qin and the others.

After Zhou Qin and the others had appeared out of nowhere, they had practically taken advantage of all the good fortune. Apart from Gu Chensha, their cultivation bases far surpassed Lou Baiyue and the others.

Lou Baiyue and the others had originally been the ones with the highest cultivation bases apart from Gu Chensha. After all, there was no one in the multiverse with more potential than her. But now that Zhou Qin and the others had appeared, they naturally had to compete.