Chapter 276
===========

"I can't believe you've hidden yourself so deeply."

Wu Dangkong no longer had any desire to kill Jin Suibo. Instead, he calmed down. "Jin Suibo, I can't believe you've hidden yourself so deeply. If I had forced you today, you wouldn't have revealed yourself. It looks like Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and Gu Huasha don't even know about your trump card. They thought they could suppress you, but in reality, you were waiting for an opportunity to devour them in one fell swoop. When that time comes, you'll truly be king. You're just like me, with the same wild ambitions." "Whatever you say."

Jin Suibo suppressed all of the miracles, and the image of the Peerless Scroll vanished. "There's one more thing. I didn't obtain the Peerless Scroll. I can only communicate with it. It's currently recuperating in the depths of space-time chaos. The book itself possesses immense power, almost like a god's. I can borrow it.

You know far too little about the secrets of the Peerless Scroll. How dare you say you'll obtain it for me? But your abilities are truly unique. It looks like you really did acquire a supreme treasure. "

During the banquet, Zhuge Ya had guessed that Wu Dangkong had acquired a treasure. Jin Suibo had secretly analyzed the situation.

"It looks like I can't keep you in check."

Wu Dangkong's body suddenly vanished, leaving behind only her voice. "But now that your identity as the Lord of Five Stars has been exposed, I'm afraid you won't be able to live in peace. I'll definitely subdue you. Jin Suibo, you won't be able to escape me." "This Concubine Ming is getting more and more unfathomable.

I used to be able to see through some of her actions. Her recent actions are unfathomable. Just now, when she struck out with her palm, it was like the sun and moon in the sky, as vast as the will of the heavens. The five stars in my body were activated by her. Actually, they aren't my own. I set up a secret technique long ago, and on the day the stars descended, I defied the heavens and stole their fate. I changed their trajectories and placed them in my magic altar. Because my fate doesn't match the five stars, I've never been able to fuse them with my Nascent Divinity. Otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to reach this level of cultivation. "

Jin Suibo sighed. "Fortunately, these five stars of mine are all rather peaceful. If it was Seven Murders, Army Destroyer, Voracious Wolf, Purple Myrtle, Death Omen, these stars, their power would rush into the heavens, their will able to destroy all ages, I wouldn't be able to suppress a single one."

Sighing, he looked up into the starry sky. "I wonder if the Lord of Seven Stars will be born this time. Zhuge Ya inherited the Heavenly Mandate of the Lord of Seven Stars, and came looking for the Celestial Calmness Department. There are countless tribulations in the unseen world. Perhaps he doesn't realize it, but he's bringing calamity upon the Celestial Calmness Department. If the Lord of Seven Stars is born, heaven and earth will be connected, and ghosts and gods will invade. The cultivators of the Immortal Dao definitely won't allow someone like that to appear. Even if they do, they won't allow them to join the Celestial Calmness Department.

When the time comes, I wonder if Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, Gu Huasha, and that Black Tortoise will be able to resist …. The way I see it, there's going to be a lot of blood. If they can endure it, then the Celestial Calmness Department will enter a whole new realm. If they can't, then it's going to fall apart. " While he was deep in thought, his body also disappeared. That night, the bright moon hung high in the sky.

Around the temporary imperial residence in Heaven Bearing Pass was a ring of official residences for the ministers of the Lord Study, which the imperial court had bestowed upon them.

Each official's residence was three or four acres wide, with five entrances and five exits, and dozens of attendants.

Minister Fang Lin of the Lord Study lived alone, and didn't need any attendants. His cultivation was successful, and he had long since stepped into the Dao Realm. He didn't need to eat the food of mortals, so there wasn't even a cook in his residence. His clothes didn't need to be washed, and he could simply use a magical technique to keep himself clean.

He was the most unique of the ministers in the imperial court. All ministers had their own families, their own mansions, and their own power. Fang Lin, on the other hand, had nothing. He was a loner, and didn't even need a servant.

Currently, he held a flagon of alcohol and a wine cup. He sat in his courtyard, facing the bright moon and drinking alone.

The bright moon cast his shadow on the ground, and it almost seemed as if it had come to life, and was drinking with him.

"I raise my cup to the bright moon, and drink to the three of us."

Fang Lin let out a long sigh. "Your Majesty's poem really does fit the situation. Who in the world can drink with me?" "How about I drink with you?" A voice rang out.

When Fang Lin heard this voice, he didn't turn around, and didn't show any signs of emotion. "Concubine Ming, coming out of the palace late at night to visit the ministers is not in accordance with the imperial court's rules."

"The imperial court rules. The Emperor is in seclusion, and has given me full authority to manage everything. I am the ruler. I am the system."

Concubine Wu Dangkong appeared once again, and stood in front of Fang Lin. "Mister Fang, I have always respected your talents and knowledge. I have specially come to visit you today. We are all from the pugilistic world, and yet you seem to have the intention to keep me at arm's length."

"In terms of talent and knowledge, I am not as good as the Emperor. In terms of cultivation, I can't even compare to the Emperor's little finger. If Concubine Ming has any problems, just ask the Pope, and everything will be solved." Fang Lin drank the wine in his cup in one gulp.

"I am sure Mister Fang knows about the current situation. I am here today to discuss matters of the nation. I am the chief minister of the Lord Study, and Mister Fang is also one of the ministers. For official matters, I am sure you won't reject me." Wu Dangkong said.

"Concubine Ming, please speak." Fang Lin turned around.

"The Celestial Pacification Department has been getting more and more arrogant lately. They have interfered with the affairs of the imperial court, and they have been constantly oppressing the Celestial Dao. This has caused the Celestial Dao to be filled with complaints, and the officials of the imperial court dare not speak out. How does Mister Fang think this matter should be handled?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"The Celestial Pacification Department was personally established by the Emperor."

Fang Lin said slowly. "Ever since the Celestial Dao was established, it has collected taxes from the Celestial Dao to supplement the national treasury. The national treasury is full, and the world is at peace. The people no longer suffer from labor, nor do they suffer from hunger or cold. Just this alone makes the Celestial Pacification Department more meritorious than many ancient emperors.

"As for the Celestial Dao's seventy-two mystical sects, they have their own divine abilities and techniques. They refuse to obey the orders of the emperor, disrespect the imperial court, and look down on the people of the world. They refuse to pay taxes, and that is a great crime!

The imperial court regulates yin and yang, taking from the surpluses to make up for the deficiencies. The Celestial Dao has an excess, and the common people have an insufficiency. They collect taxes from the Celestial Dao to make up for the common people, balancing yin and yang, dispelling resentment, and smoothing the flow of heaven and earth. This is the ability of the Celestial Pacification Department to mend the heavens. Concubine Ming, there is no need to speak further about the Celestial Pacification Department. I know that Your Highness and the Celestial Pacification Department have always had conflicts, but this is a private matter. How can it be mixed up with the affairs of the empire? " "Mister Fang, what a long speech." Wu Dangkong frowned. "Let me ask you something." "Please speak, Your Highness," Fang Lin said calmly.

"If something bad happens to the Emperor, how should we deal with it?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"That's not something that Your Highness can say."

Fang Lin looked at Wu Dangkong fiercely, as if he wanted to see through her veil. "The Emperor's Dao has already been established, and it will never disappear. We will continue to walk down this Dao, and even if we die nine times, we will have no regrets.

I can see that Your Highness already has ulterior motives. If you do something that endangers the imperial court, I will not show any mercy. I will definitely kill Your Highness. I hope that Your Highness knows what to do.

I have to warn Your Highness that many of your petty actions recently have been seen by us. Because Your Highness was conferred the title by the Emperor, we did not give you a warning. If Your Highness really violates some bottom line, not only you, but even the entire Wu Clan, and even those Martial Sages who have already merged with the Laws of the Martial Dao will be captured and annihilated. "

"Hahaha …" Wu Dangkong never expected that she would hear such unyielding words when she came to visit Fang Lin today. Her original intention today was to rope this person in. Now, she could already see that other than the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor, this person would not recognize anyone else. Moreover, his heart was as hard as stone, unshakable.

"Why is Your Highness laughing?" Fang Lin's tone was very indifferent.

"I'm laughing at Mister Fang for being too arrogant. My Wu Clan has experienced tens of thousands of years, and our Martial Sages have merged with the Dao. We have grasped the true essence of the Martial Dao. What is Mister Fang's cultivation? How dare you say such arrogant words. "Wu Dangkong was so angry that she laughed.

"I know Your Highness doesn't believe me. That's because you have only entered the palace for a short time, and you have never seen the Emperor before. You have not been influenced by the Emperor, so you don't know the loyalty of us officials to the Emperor. Do you really think that the Emperor is using force to suppress us? Even the people of the Demonic Path in the Heavenly Craftsman Institute are loyal to the Emperor. "

Fang Lin looked at Wu Dangkong as if he was looking at an idiot. "Does Your Highness really think that the Emperor let you into the study room to take charge of the situation, just to ruin the imperial court?

If Your Highness thinks so, then I'm afraid that your future will be miserable, and your clan will be in trouble. " "Very good, very good."

Wu Dangkong had run into a wall on Jin Suibo's side, and now she ran into a wall again. The anger in her heart was hard to suppress. "Then let me ask you. I am doing business among the people, managing the Scenic Wu Merchant Association, and I even have a fiancé. Gu Taxian summoned me into the palace with a single imperial edict. Do you think this is a wise ruler?" "When the Emperor summoned you, did you refuse? I don't think so. "

Fang Lin seemed to already know that Wu Dangkong would ask this question. "If you refused, the Emperor would not make things difficult for you. There were many people who did not accept the imperial edict, and it was the Wu Clan's Patriarch who agreed. The Emperor's imperial edict increased your Patriarch's lifespan by a thousand years, and your Patriarch forced you to marry into the palace. If you are the victim in this matter, then the one who harmed you is the Wu Clan.

Moreover, the Emperor has always been in seclusion and has never seen you. He gave you power, and you gladly took up the position. From the beginning to the end, you did not have any words of resistance. You actually have such deep resentment for this matter?

If the Emperor forced the Wu Clan, then it would be fine. Your Patriarch did not have any power to resist the matter of increasing his lifespan. This is only because his will is not firm. "

"Fang Lin, it seems that you are determined to go against me?" Wu Dangkong's brows furrowed. "Then don't blame me for being ruthless." "Your Highness, please do as you please. There is no need to use threatening words. No minister will believe you. "

Fang Lin did not care at all. "That's right, I have to remind Your Highness that Your Highness has been too ostentatious recently. I'm afraid that some of the concubines in the inner palace will not like it. It is better to be careful."

"In that case, I have to thank you for the reminder." Wu Dangkong knew that it would be difficult to rope in Fang Lin even if she continued like this. Her heart turned cold. With a slight press, she had already left this place. However, an extremely small talisman had burrowed into Fang Lin's body.

Fang Lin looked at her departing figure and gently grabbed the talisman with his hand. Then, a flame appeared on his palm and burned the talisman.