Chapter 1120
============

Division of Wills Thirty-six Supreme Immortal Realm experts gathered in one place. How much power could they exert?

If they worked together, they could overturn the multiverse. But now, they didn't dare to act rashly, because Gu Chensha was like a mountain pressing down on their hearts. Moreover, they had to solve the problem of lifespan first. At the Supreme Immortal Realm, no one could live forever. That was something they couldn't accept.

"Everyone, this time, we have to work together. We can't attack each other."

Qu Chen looked at the people down there. Although he was sitting in the first position, he didn't have the absolute power. If he wanted to use his power to subdue the other thirty-five experts at the Immortal Realm, he couldn't do it. After all, he wasn't Gu Chensha.

"We know about that. Let's start the leveling up now."

All the Supreme Immortal Realm experts knew how important today's event was. They couldn't afford to make any mistakes, so they didn't have any other thoughts.

Right now, everyone had signed some kind of contract. If they violated the contract, they would be attacked together, even at the cost of their lifespan.

"Everyone, if we encounter an enemy when we're leveling up, we have to fight to the death."

Qu Chen said again, "We've signed a contract on each other's interface. This contract is a mortgage of our lifespan. We can't be careless. "

Many experts at the Supreme Immortal Realm nodded. It had been one hundred thousand years. As time went by, although they were limited by the virtual panels, they gradually found some benefits. They found that their virtual panels could communicate with each other. They could sign contracts that couldn't be violated, and they could even exchange lifespans. People's lifespan had become a universal currency.

The virtual interface was like a huge network that connected everyone together. No matter how far away these people were, they could communicate with each other, trade with each other, and even send each other messages.

Even the Supreme Immortal Realm experts found that the virtual interface was actually a support for them. It could communicate with all living beings.

Gradually, all living beings got used to the interface. Without the interface, all living beings didn't know how to communicate and fell back into a barbaric era.

This was Gu Chensha's plan. He knew that what everyone in the universe lacked the most was communication, information, and knowledge. He created the Interface and then created a huge virtual network, just like the internet in the technological civilization. It gave everyone a huge learning opportunity and a chance to understand the world, instead of blindly limiting their lifespans.

The lifespan of all living beings was not limitless, and this was enough to stimulate their passion for cultivation. Following this, the living beings obtained knowledge through the interface and improved even faster. Some of them could even trade their lifespan, causing their motivation to reach the limit. This was Gu Chensha's method of catalyzing living beings. Even undying beings were caught within, unable to escape. Rumble!

These Immortal Realm experts who had signed the contract urged the entire Longevity Cosmos to advance crazily.

Gu Chensha didn't care about the advancement of this cosmos. Instead, he went to a place in the Longevity Cosmos to see the lives of the commoners, the lowest rung of society.

Within a small village, it was still in the feudal era. However, the farmers were planting spirit fields filled with spiritual energy to provide cultivation resources. Their officials were still squeezing them.

"From today onwards, you will pay your taxes with your lifespan. You won't accept anything else." At this moment, a sword light flashed above the village. A cultivator let out a roar.

"What? We will pay our taxes with our lifespan? He wants us to die. "

Immediately, the people in the village started crying. They weren't willing, but there was nothing they could do.

"We don't want to pay taxes. What can he do to us?

"If they want to take away our lifespan, we have to sign a contract. We have to give it to them wholeheartedly, and they can take away our lifespan. Otherwise, even if they kill us, it'll be useless," said a young man. Whoosh!

At this time, the cultivator controlling the sword light seemed to have heard the young man's words. He suddenly grabbed out. Instantly, a portion of the sword light turned into a huge hand that grabbed the young man up into the sky.

"Kid, you dare to refuse taxes?" The cultivator laughed maliciously.

"It's enough for you to rob and squeeze us. Now, you want to take our lifespan? Preposterous!

I won't give it to you, even if I die. If you have the ability, then kill us! "The young man said fiercely.

"Brat, I naturally won't kill you. You have several decades of lifespan. If I take away your lifespan, I'll be able to live for several decades more. However, since you are unwilling to sign the contract with me, I'll naturally make you sign it obediently. I've mastered a bone searching technique that can make you wish you were dead, but you can't."

The cultivator suddenly released a burst of power. Instantly, a putrid aura entered the young man's body.

The young man immediately felt the feeling of being sliced into pieces. However, he refused to submit.

The cultivator's face was ferocious as he tortured him. However, the young man fainted many times and still refused to submit. The cultivator was furious. "This kid has guts. If I hadn't used a bewitching technique to control him, I wouldn't have been able to take his lifespan. Damn, this virtual interface has determined that after being bewitched, if it isn't his own will, then he won't be able to sign a contract.

Only by torturing him until he completely submits will he be able to maintain his own consciousness and fear me. Only then will the contract be effective. "

The virtual interface that Gu Chensha had created could perfectly determine whether or not one's own will was genuine.

Using bewitching techniques, if it wasn't a person's true will, then naturally, they wouldn't be able to sign a contract. However, if the person couldn't take it anymore and willingly signed the contract, then they could transfer their lifespan.

However, the cultivator repeatedly tortured the young man. The young man was able to endure it. The degree of pain had exceeded a certain limit. Ding dong!

After hundreds of tortures, a voice rang out in the depths of the young man's mind. "Determination: Extreme Toughness. Spiritual output. Talent: Rip Technique." Pula! Instantly, an air ripple spread out from the young man's body and ripped the cultivator into pieces.

Then, the young man fell from the sky and fainted. However, waves of power transformed his body, making him stronger.

"Not bad, this person can actually reach an extremely tough level of willpower. The virtual interface that I created activated his ability." Gu Chensha noticed and nodded his head. This was also the setting of the virtual interface that he created.

Numerous virtual interfaces were connected to form a real network. The network was a world similar to the multiverse. This was also Gu Chensha's plan. Then, Gu Chensha split it based on the willpower of a person.

In the past, things like Dao Realm 36 Transformations, Undying Realm, etc., were all removed. What replaced it was the toughness of one's willpower.

Gu Chensha also started to split one's willpower. Be it good or evil, a person's willpower was' super cowardly ',' normal cowardly ',' normal normal ',' super tough ',' valiant ',' unmovable like a mountain ',' heart like the ocean ',' will like the stars', 'god like the void', 'will of the heavens' … etc.

This was because a person's strength was not the level of his cultivation, but the strength of his spirit and willpower. For example, if a powerful person was hesitant and afraid of the slightest thing, then he would fall from his throne sooner or later. If a person, even if he was a small existence, had a strong character, was brave and diligent, and was good at thinking, then it was only a matter of time before he became a great person. This was why Gu Chensha didn't judge a hero based on cultivation but on willpower.

"My research results are not bad. I can collect all the willpower of all living beings. Their willpower realm is what I study. My willpower should be at the highest level, which is the Life and Death Realm. As for the Undying Realm, it is just the Life and Death Realm. "

Gu Chensha had studied for one hundred thousand years. Finally, he had come up with a systematic theory and realms, which were divided according to people's spirit and will. People at the Undying Realm had understood the Dao of No Life and No Destruction. They had seen through the void and reality. They didn't care about life and death. Everything came from nothing. Their willpower had reached such a level.

Gu Chensha was a realm higher than them. His willpower wasn't Life and Death, but it wasn't Life and Death Realm either. This was why it was called the Life and Death Realm. This was the foundation for him to step into the Undying Realm. Weng … The entire universe shuddered as if some sort of unpredictable change had taken place.

Gu Chensha knew that this was because the Lifeless World had advanced to the same level as the New World and the Old World. It was a super, boundless, boundless universe.

"Everyone, how do you feel now? Did your lifespan increase a lot? Did your cultivation increase a lot?"

Qu Chen had obtained great benefits from the universe's advancement. He was confident that he was the number one person below Gu Chensha. He could even fight against Zhou Qin and the other five terrifying existences.

Everybody nodded. Everyone here was at the peerless Immortal Realm. Each of them was a peerless character in the multiverse. They could calculate the past and the future with just a thought. They knew their own cultivation base like the back of their hands.

"Leader, what do we do next?"

Chen Qi said, "I'm afraid we still don't have the qualifications to challenge Gu Chensha because we still can't break the virtual panel. If that's the case, having more lifespan is meaningless."