Chapter 1105
============

Chapter 345: Drastic Change Drastic Change

Wei Jia had been deceived by The Fourth Gu Huasha and had been injected with some extremely powerful forbidden arts, causing him to be completely subservient to The Fourth Gu Huasha. He had practically become a puppet. In the past thousand years, he had been conscientious and conscientious, doing things for The Fourth. He had no thoughts of betrayal, and it was impossible for him to betray the Fourth.

This was because as long as he had any thoughts of betrayal, The Fourth Gu Huasha would immediately find out and completely suppress him. He would never be able to rise again.

Therefore, in the past thousand years, The Fourth Gu Huasha had been very at ease with Wei Jia. In fact, his trust in Wei Jia grew stronger and stronger. Who would have thought that Wei Jia would suddenly attack him now?

Moreover, Wei Jia's strength seemed to have increased by tens of times during this attack. In the blink of an eye, he had broken through The Fourth Gu Huasha's defenses and deeply injured his origin. Ah! The Fourth Gu Huasha let out an earth-shattering scream.

He could feel his origin energy rapidly flowing away. The power of his spirit was concealed by a powerful seal, unable to flow out to him. In this case, he had been switched to the source of eternal energy, and he was naturally in a precarious situation.

"Wei Jia, you actually dared to betray me. Go to hell!" The Fourth Gu Huasha was in extreme danger. However, at this moment, his strength was revealed. He immediately activated his own restrictions.

Unfortunately, the restriction he had left in Wei Jia's body had no effect at all. It had disappeared without a trace. Wei Jia continued his attack, ruthlessly destroying The Fourth Gu Huasha's body.

"Refine!"

The Fourth Gu Huasha's body suddenly emitted waves of flames. As the flames burned, they transformed into his most powerful divine ability. This was his Skyless Daoless Flames.

The moment the flames appeared, they enveloped Wei Jia and burned fiercely. Wei Jia's entire body sizzled as if he was about to be refined. Wei Jia's expression was equally sinister. "Will of the Old World, hurry up and help me." Rumble!

Behind him, an endless amount of power gathered, turning into the shadow of the will of the old world. It was none other than Immortal Trampling Ancient. Rumble!

Gu Taxian rolled over, pointing at the sky and stomping on the ground. With one punch, he arrived in front of the Fourth Gu Huasha. The Fourth's entire body of flames exploded, and the Skyless Daoless Formation started to shake.

"Why the Old World's will?"

At that moment, the Fourth once again suffered heavy injuries. However, when he saw Gu Taxian, who was formed by the Old World's will, he immediately fell into an unexpected despair. This was because the person who had just shouted was the will of the new world, Gu Xinjian.

He thought that Gu Xinjian had caused Wei Jia to rebel, but now, the Old World's will, Gu Taxian, had appeared behind Wei Jia.

This meant that the New World's Will, Gu Xinjian, and the Old World's Will, Gu Taxian, had joined forces to deal with him. If it was just one of them, he might still have a chance of survival, but now that there were two of them, he had almost no hope at all.

"Why? Why are you two irreconcilable wills working together?" The Fourth Gu Huasha had shrunk into a ball.

He had suffered heavy injuries and no longer had any ability to fight back. He could only protect himself from being killed. This time, he had truly miscalculated. Once he miscalculated, it was very likely that he would be sacrificing his life.

"Gu Huasha, you guessed correctly. The two of us have temporarily joined forces."

At that moment, the Old World's will, Gu Xinjian, walked in and entered the formation. He stood opposite the Old World's will, Gu Taxian, and sandwiched the Fourth Gu Huasha in the middle.

Of course, the Old World's will was only in the form of Gu Taxian. It was not the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian from back then. It was another kind of existence.

"The two of you will have to fight sooner or later to determine the victor. Aren't you afraid that the other party will bite back at you if you join forces?"

The Fourth Gu Huasha knew that at this time, it was best for the two wills to fight against each other. Only then could he escape. If the two wills joined forces against him, he would definitely die today.

"If not for Gu Chensha's existence, I naturally wouldn't dare to join forces with him."

The New World's will, Gu Xinjian, laughed. "However, Gu Huasha, you roped me in to suppress the Four Misters together because you wanted me to fight against the Old World's will. Then, you can take advantage of it, right? Your intentions are so vicious, but it's a pity that everything you want, we also want to get. Let's join forces to suppress you first. " "The two of you."

The Fourth Gu Huasha also laughed. In the face of such a dangerous situation, he actually did not feel afraid or retreat. No matter what, he had to hold on. "Even if you suppress and kill me, what benefits will there be?

You should know that your enemy is not me, but Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha is a thousand times more dangerous than me. After you kill me, Gu Chensha will have one less restraint. " "You want to hold Gu Chensha back?"

The Old World's will, Gu Taxian's form, said disdainfully, "You were originally chosen by me, but unfortunately, you failed to live up to expectations. Not only did you betray me, but you were also toyed with by Gu Chensha. Your existence is actually just to provide resources for Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha has long treated you as a test subject. Your every move is actually under his control. Even if you master the Skyless Daoless Formation, Gu Chensha will gain more." "Impossible!"

The Fourth Gu Huasha roared, "You two, Gu Chensha and I are sworn enemies. I will definitely kill him, suppress him, and never let him rise again. Also, if you kill me, there is no benefit at all. With your current strength, it is impossible for you to kill me. Devouring me and refining me will improve. Instead, you will become human. I will be of great help to you. I can even help you become human. How about it? With your current strength, even if you join forces, you will not be a match for Gu Chensha. Only when you become human can you pose a threat to Gu Chensha. " "You're right." The Old World's will, Gu Taxian, nodded. "We indeed need to become human." "However, you will still have to die."

The New World's will, Gu Xinxian, said, "Gu Huasha, as you improve, it will be very dangerous for us. You might even be a threat to us. Alright, Old World, let's bury this person together. " "Indeed, there is no benefit."

The Old World's will, Gu Taxian, did not make a move. Instead, a sinister smile appeared on his face, "Since you have entered this formation, that is for the best. After all, this Gu Huasha was created by me in the past. Even if he dies, I must do it. Furthermore, now that you have entered this formation, it is the best opportunity for me to create. Activate!" Just at this moment. The Old World's will, Gu Taxian's body, began to unleash its strongest power. Boom!

Landslides, tsunamis, and cosmic tides were not enough to describe a ten-thousandth of its power. "The essence of this Lawless and Daoless Formation still belongs to the Old World, not the New World. Mister Four, merge into it." "Yes!"

At this moment, Mister Wuwu, Mister Wuxin, Mister Wuwei, and Mister Wuxiang immediately moved. They turned into runes and merged into the Lawless and Daoless Formation. This time, they sacrificed themselves to complete the formation.

The Old World's will, Gu Taxian, suppressed the formation and turned it into his own. He turned it into a rule and the strongest Heaven's Will.

"The entire multiverse is lawless. Everyone who has cultivated to the Heaven's Will Realm must merge into it. This is a good idea. I will use your hands to complete this magnificent feat."

The Old World's will, Gu Taxian, said to the New World's will, Gu Xinjian, "You will die here today!" "Quite impressive."

The New World's will, Gu Xinjian, had a solemn expression, "But I don't think you will believe that you want to die here." "Just watch."

The Old World's will, Gu Taxian, said, "Gu Huasha will merge into this formation. Don't you know how powerful this formation will be?

Guhuasha, you created this formation yourself. Unfortunately, you've also cultivated to the Invincible Deathless level, so you'll have to fuse with it. You've created your own trap, and you're inviting yourself into a trap. " At this moment, the Old World's will, Gu Taxian, pressed down with his palm.

A huge hand that was countless times larger than the universe fiercely pressed down, suppressing The Fourth, Gu Huasha. Then, waves of power wrapped around him, causing his body to gradually turn into countless runes. These runes also wrapped around him and merged into the formation.

The Old World's will, Gu Taxian, was so ruthless that he merged The Fourth, Gu Huasha, into it as well. This was truly inviting the enemy into a trap.

"No, I definitely won't merge into this formation!"

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, went all out. He knew that once he was suppressed into the formation's core, he would immediately meet the fate of being destroyed.

He knew very well how powerful his formation was. He had operated it for a thousand years and refined it to the acme of perfection. Now, he was actually going to become a sacrifice for the formation's birth.

At this moment, the New World's will, Gu Xinjian, seemed to be watching quietly. He did not panic at all, nor did he make a move to stop the Old World's will, Gu Taxian.

"Your desperation is useless."

The Old World's will, Gu Taxian, watched Gu Huasha struggle and gathered his power. He was the Old World's supreme will. No matter how powerful Gu Huasha was, he was no match for him.

"Old World, do you really think you can control everything?"

Just as The Fourth, Gu Huasha, was about to be refined, the New World's will, Gu Xinjian, said, "This multiverse is not what you think it is. Some things that are out of our control have also come." As soon as he finished speaking, many supreme and immortal auras suddenly descended.

Among them, the most tyrannical were six. These six supreme and immortal auras represented the six strongest people. They were the mutated ones that the New World had observed back then. In other words, they had escaped his control, Gu Taxian's control, and even Gu Chensha's control. These six people were Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li.