Chapter 475
===========

"The Legalists are really cruel."

Gu Chensha was furious, but he didn't make a move. At the very least, he couldn't alert the enemy. Seeing this, he no longer felt any pity for the Legalists and the other aristocratic families. They had to be destroyed and removed from the country's fate.

Perhaps the human dao's fate would break through once these tumors were gone, ushering in a true golden age.

"Hahahaha."

After the dwarf had eaten a fairy maiden, his eyes flashed with cruelty. "This time, my father intends to join hands with the school of Legalism to create an era where humans and demons coexist. As for the specifics, we'll have to deliberate countless times before we can create an unprecedented era. If our plan succeeds, it'll be an unprecedented achievement. " "That's right."

First Elder Liu Po of the Punishment Hall nodded. "Since ancient times, humans and demons have always been at odds with one another. Every time spirituality and demonic nature erupts, there will be endless conflicts and rivers of blood. This time, our school of Legalism will work with you dwarves to take charge of this matter. We'll definitely be successful, but there will be a lot of resistance. I'm afraid there will be quite a few demons who oppose this."

"It's the same for you humans. According to our plan, we'll have a large number of human women mate with a large number of demon males, giving birth to a human-demon fusion. We'll perfectly fuse spirituality and demonic nature together, and finally achieve spirituality and demonic unity. However, I feel that the humans will oppose this even more. If the Legalists want to give so many human women to us, there'll probably be a strong backlash." The dwarf Abandonment had a teasing look on his face.

"It's fine. The Legalists can still do this, but there will be obstacles. We'll need to borrow the strength of the demons to kill some of them. How about it?"

Liufeng didn't care at all. "There are countless commoners in the world right now. It's fine to use some of them for experiments. For the great cause of spirituality and demonic fusion, someone has to be sacrificed. Someone has to die. "

"That's good. I've done my research. Actually, the Legalists' current threat is the Calming Immortal Department and those who haven't achieved anything yet." The dwarf Abandonment said, "We want to destroy the Calming Immortal Department. It's about time." "Then we'll wait for the good news."

"I heard that not long ago, Young Master Si Qi went on a killing spree and killed many of the Demon Race's upper echelons, causing internal strife. I wonder if it has been resolved?"

"It's a bit troublesome, but I didn't kill them. Instead, someone impersonated me and wanted to stir up internal strife in our demon race. How could we fall for it?

The matter has been completely resolved. Although there are some races who are dissatisfied, it is of no use. "Abandoned Dwarf exuded an extremely thick killing intent.

"The aristocratic families still don't know about our Spirit and Demon Fusion Plan."

Faliujin said, "In this plan, if we can't convince these families, I'm afraid we will be in a passive position. If they don't get any benefits, they will definitely object."

"It doesn't matter. It's nothing more than benefits. There are all kinds of heavenly materials and earthly treasures in our Demon Domain. As long as we take out a portion, we can rope them in. After the fusion of spirit and demon, the aristocratic families, as pure-blooded humans, will naturally be aloof and rule over everything. This is indisputable. I don't believe that they won't be tempted by such great benefits."

The dwarf Death Abandonment grabbed another Celestial Goddess and slowly absorbed it. Listening to this fairy's miserable cries, it was very pleasing to the eyes. Whether it was the taste or the spiritual pleasure, the Celestial Goddess Feast was very enjoyable.

"Leave this matter to us, the Legalism Clan," Faliujin said.

"Young Noble Abandonment, as long as you give us those heavenly materials and ancient ruins, we will naturally contact the aristocratic families and form an alliance."

"Of course, we, the Pygmy Demon Clan, need to rely on the Legalism Clan for many things." Abandoned Dwarf suddenly said, "Right, where is your Legalism Clan's Fa Wuxian? I wonder how your cultivation is going now? "

"I don't know where Fa Wuxian is in seclusion, but his cultivation is still shallow, only at the Twenty-third Transformation. There is still some distance between him and Young Noble Abandonment," Fa Liushuai said.

"Sooner or later, Fa Wuxian will catch up. He is the same as me, a natural born Saint. I look forward to meeting him. If we work together, we will be able to dominate everything." Abandoned Dwarf Abandonment had high hopes for Fa Wuxian. "I have one more request." "Young Noble Abandonment, please speak." Fa Liufeng smiled.

"I want to meet the Dharma Saint and hope to receive his guidance. The Dharma Saint's might has shaken many worlds. Even if the Maha God breaks the seal, he may not be able to do anything to the Dharma Saint. If he can give me some guidance, my cultivation will definitely increase. Of course, I won't ask for guidance for free. I can leave all the contents of the Scripture of Hell Suppression to the Legalism Clan. What do you think?" Abandoned Dwarf Abandonment made a request.

"This …" The Grand Elders of the Eighteen Halls of Legalism exchanged glances. They were all discussing how this matter would go.

The Scripture of Hell Suppression was very widespread, and it wasn't as if the School of Legalism didn't have it. However, the complete version was extremely rare. It contained the miraculous effects of dispelling Heart Demons, Heaven Demons, Human Demons, Earth Demons, Spirit Demons, Yin Demons, and many other demons.

Any cultivator would face the risk of cultivation deviation. However, if they obtained the complete version of the Scripture of Hell Suppression, they would be able to transform into the Way and never be invaded by demons.

"This matter is not something we can decide."

After discussing for a while, Fa Liufeng said, "I must go back and report to the higher-ups. Everything will be decided by the ancestors." "Thank you." Abandoned Dwarf Abandonment quickly said, "I'll wait here." Fa Liufeng nodded, stood up, and walked into the hall.

When Gu Chensha saw this, he immediately knew that Fa Liufeng was going to enter all the Dharma Realms. This was a great opportunity for him. He quietly followed behind Fa Liufeng and suddenly pounced! His whole body turned into a part of Fa Liufeng.

Fa Liufeng had also cultivated Dharma power. Now, his whole body was a dharma body. When Gu Chensha pounced, his body became the same as his Dharma power, and Fa Liufeng couldn't sense it at all.

After going deeper into the hall, Fa Liufeng arrived in front of an ancient bronze door. The bronze door was closed, and it was not an ordinary rectangular door. It was round and arched. From a distance, it looked like a ring.

"The Ring of Uniting All Law!"

Gu Chensha immediately recognized it. This ring was the true treasure of the Legalists. It was where the Dharma Saint's luck was kept. It had been refined by the Dharma Saint by fusing many Connate spiritual treasures. After thousands of years of accumulation, it had become an existence that could completely rival the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. Even the current Life's Wish sphere could not compare to this magical ring. This ring gave birth to all Dharma Realms and could contain all laws. Rumble! Fa Liufeng executed the incantation and entered the Magical Ring.

The moment he entered the magic ring, Gu Chensha felt as if endless waves were sweeping over him. It was as if they were trying to identify Fa Liufeng. From start to finish, there were billions of tremors and searches. No xenogeneic could possess Fa Liufeng's body.

Unfortunately, Gu Chensha had completely become a part of Fa Liufeng. This was the Heavenly Dao Magic.

Even the Dharma Saint hadn't cultivated to this level. The true Heavenly Dao Magic was something that the Dharma Saint couldn't comprehend.

Of course, this was also because Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Magic was getting more and more exquisite. Before he had obtained all of Chang Yuzhou's memories, Gu Chensha didn't understand the Sage Dao. But now, he was like a reincarnation of Chang Yuzhou, and all of the various cultivation methods were vivid in his mind. He also knew the methods of the Sage. Therefore, this time, he wasn't discovered by any Dharma Realm.

Just like that, a vast world appeared in front of them. It was a vast world with a sun, moon, and stars in the sky. Countless continents floated in this world, and countless extinct spiritual herbs grew on these continents. There were also many Primordial Divine Beasts roaming this vast world. This was another Untainted Land.

However, Gu Chensha didn't feel the aura of the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise. The Legalists didn't have the Four Symbols Sacred Beasts either.

The other Primordial Divine Beasts couldn't compare to the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, the Black Tortoise, and the North Star Divine Beasts. Among the Primordial Divine Beasts, these five divine beasts were definitely ranked first. They represented the Connate Five Elements.

The Black Sect of Heaven and Earth had an old Azure Dragon, which firmly occupied the first position of the Celestial Sects. Even after experiencing the division of the universe, it could still suppress many Celestial Sects.

"Disciple Fa Liufeng greets the Ancestor." After entering all the Dharma Realms, Fa Liufeng immediately knelt in front of the stars in the sky.

"Fa Liufeng, did the Dwarf Abandoned Death have any conditions that you can't decide?" A star in the sky shone brightly and spoke in the voice of all living beings.

"Ancestor, the Dwarf Abandoned Death wants to see the Dharma Saint and learn from him. In exchange, he will give us the complete Scripture of Maha Suppression," Fa Liufeng knelt down and said.

"What?"

At this time, another star flickered. It was another Immortal Realm cultivator. "The Dwarf Abandoned Death Ambition Array wants to learn from the Dharma Saint. But only the Dwarf Dead Emperor of the Dwarf Demon Clan has the complete Scripture of Maha Suppression. He must have passed it on to his son."

"Ancestors, I'm just passing on the demon's words. I hope that you can communicate with the Dharma Saint and make the decision." Fa Liufeng didn't dare to say anything else.

"The Dwarf Demon Clan's Spirit and Demon Fusion plan is indeed a bold plan. It is also one of the Dharma Saint's experiments. If it succeeds, it will probably be able to change the fate of the past. Of course, humans will experience some pain. "

The third star flickered as another Immortal Realm cultivator spoke. "The exalted Dharma Saint is currently manipulating the workings of the heavens to enter the deepest depths of space-time. He's secretly monitoring the future, and we won't be able to communicate with him. Send that kid back first. Once we've communicated with the Dharma Saint, we'll have him come." "Yes, sir," Fa Liufeng said.

"Furthermore, those brats from the Celestial Calmness Division have already infiltrated our Dharma Prefecture? Don't you have any plans to stop them? Do you really need us old fogies to do anything? "

The fourth star emanated killing intent, and began to tremble violently. "Also, we can sense that the precious sphere in the Celestial Tranquility Division has all four holy beasts gathered. What's going on? Did you find out anything?"