Chapter 205
===========

Now that the castle had been modified by the Black Tortoise baby and turned into the Black Tortoise's nest, the nine magic treasures had also become incomparably mysterious. The Mountain and Sea Diagram itself contained an array formation that could shift, confuse, and trap.

If he was in the castle, Gu Chensha could use the Mountain and Ocean Diagram to teleport to any place in the castle. When he fought, enemies wouldn't even be able to touch his clothes. Moreover, apart from the Mountain and Ocean Diagram, there were eight other treasures. Even Fa Wuxian wouldn't be able to do anything if he entered the castle now.

"Greetings King."

Cold Jade Dew and Long Yuyun were drinking tea. When they saw Gu Chensha appear, they all knelt down on one knee. Long Yuyun was the first to say, "Congratulations King, the news of you killing the Lightning Beast King has spread all over the world." "This isn't a good thing."

Gu Chensha waved his hands, "All of you get up. In the future, there is no need to be so polite. I called all of you over to recruit Long Zaifei. Behind him is Yi Zheng, who is at the 17th Transformation Dao Realm Splitting Soul Clone. He is Luluha, the original Hell Serpent God Temple Sect Leader." "My brother told me about this."

Long Yuyun hurriedly said, "However, for something as important as enlistment, it would be better for Your Highness to go personally. For the Treasured Jade Nation, there needs to be an important figure there to pacify the people. Only then will the imperial court take this matter seriously. If Your Highness doesn't go, the people will think that the imperial court isn't taking this matter seriously enough." "I know that."

Gu Chensha obviously knew that, "It isn't that I don't want to go, but you have to start the recruitment process first. Once everything is done, I will calm the people down. Otherwise, if I go first, I will become the center of attention. People will target me and plot against me. I am not afraid of assassination, but I am afraid that it will affect the overall situation. If I don't go, then those plots won't work. All of you are the stones I use to test the waters. " "Your Highness's foresight is admirable."

Yu Hanlu nodded, "These days, Yuyun and I have been working hard to win over the ministers of the Baoyu Country. However, the crown prince seemed to have lost his mind and refused to offer amnesty. After being instigated by Taiyi Fantasy Sect, not only that, a group of envoys from the Great Wei Dynasty came to the crown prince's mansion. Not long ago, my father even received them." "I know all this information."

Gu Chensha said, "It is precisely because of this that I cannot go for the time being. Otherwise, due to the instigation of the Immortal Dao and the Great Might Dynasty, the Precious Jade Nation's etiquette is lacking. Neglecting me is a small matter, but shaming the Imperial Court is a big matter. When the news reaches the Imperial Court, the Imperial Court will lose face and they will truly use force. Even I cannot stop them." Gu Chensha was not an ordinary person. He had calculated everything.

He represented the Imperial Court to offer amnesty. That wasn't an individual action but a collective action. He had to bring a large group and Baoyu Country had to try their best to welcome him. They had to put up a good front for the world to see.

But Baoyu Country wasn't unified and if there were problems with etiquette, the Imperial Court would lose face. When the time came, he wouldn't be able to protect them. This was why he had to settle everything before he could head over. If not, it would be too rash and if something happened, it would be hard to salvage the situation. He would also be attacked in the Imperial Court.

Although he was doted on, if he didn't do well and lost the face of the Imperial Court, Heaven Talisman Emperor wouldn't be able to protect him in front of everyone. He had to plan this matter to the best of his abilities.

"With Luluha at the 17th Dao Realm Transformation, our combat strength should be enough."

Yu Hanlu thought about it for a moment and praised Gu Chensha for being so calculative and not being rash at all.

"Also, you have to be on guard against one thing, and that is that Luluha once refined the unparalleled genius Li Yaoyang of the Profound Gate of Heavy Sun. We have to prevent the Profound Gate of Heavy Sun from finding an excuse, so I will order it to disguise its identity."

Gu Chensha even considered this, "Great Wei Dynasty's matter isn't simple and we have to treat it seriously. The two of you need to increase your strength to be able to do things better. Now, focus." "Yes!" The two of them sat cross-legged.

Gu Chensha opened his hands and instantly, the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy surged out from his palms. It turned into a giant furnace and wrapped the two of them within.

This was the Sun and Moon Furnace of the Sun and Moon Refinement. It used one's own Xiantian energy as a furnace to refine and shape everything.

The two of them were wrapped up in the furnace and were instantly covered. Huge amounts of energy drilled into their bodies and even started to refine their treasures. Long Yuyun's treasure was the Dragon Bone Sword while Yu Hanlu's treasure was the Jade God's Eye.

Gu Chensha had previously used the Heavenly Dew to strengthen their treasures. Now, he was using the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy. The Heavenly Dew was not as good as the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood, and the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood was not as good as the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy.

Even if a strand of the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy was injected into an ordinary sword, the sword would immediately become an immortal flying sword. Kacha kacha!

Long Yuyun's Dragon Bone Sword and Yu Hanlu's Jade God's Eye released thousands of rays of light. The blood in their bodies also circulated and resonated with each other.

After a full two hours, Gu Chensha dispersed the Sun and Moon Furnace. The two of them landed on the ground and felt as if there was an endless amount of energy in their bodies.

"Alright, I've cleansed you two once again. At the same time, I've upgraded your treasures once more. Your strength has increased by many times! In the future, there will be even more benefits when you train hard. "Gu Chensha instructed.

"Thank you, Your Highness." The two of them were overjoyed.

"Things must be done well. Don't be too hasty." Gu Chensha warned. "If you encounter anything difficult to decide, you must inform me immediately." "Yes!" The two of them nodded and left. The two of them were also powerful figures. Gu Chensha was at ease when it came to handling matters.

After sending the two of them off, Gu Chensha's body moved. He left the castle and went to the east side of the fief.

The east side was in the shape of an azure dragon. It was surrounded by mountains and lush green. This was a palace built according to the azure dragon pattern. It was the branch of the Myriad Treasures Mysterious Sect that Bao Ming 'er had established. The south side of the fief was the Vermilion Bird pattern. It was Luowu's branch.

Of course, although these two patterns were the azure dragon and the vermilion bird, there were no divine beasts presiding over them. They could only absorb the aura of the Black Tortoise's nest. Even so, they benefited greatly. Bao Ming 'er often trained here.

Gu Chensha had come to find her because he wanted to spy on the Great Wei Dynasty. At the same time, he wanted to see if he could find an opportunity to recruit this girl for his own use. He had just arrived at the door when a voice sounded. "Is this Brother Chensha? Come in and talk. " A stream of Innate Gang Qi turned into a bridge and led him into the palace.

"This Bao Ming 'er's cultivation is also profound. She has hidden many things. But no matter how high her cultivation is, she is no match for me." Gu Chensha calculated every step in his mind.

In the palace, Bao Ming 'er was indeed breathing in and out. She seemed to have comprehended a mysterious art.

Gu Chensha landed in front of her. She stood up and looked him up and down. "I didn't expect your cultivation to be so strong. You killed the Thunder Beast King. Even I couldn't do anything to this demon, and you killed it so easily." "Not at all. I relied on the Dragon Gate."

Gu Chensha smiled. He opened his mouth and spat out the Dragon Gate. Bao Ming 'er looked shocked as he swallowed it.

"You actually turned the Dragon Transformation Tower into the Dragon Gate."

Bao Ming 'er was extremely shocked. "No wonder. I felt something was wrong when you killed the Thunder Martial Sha. If it was the Dragon Transformation Tower, you couldn't have done that with your cultivation. But you didn't come here to show off to me, did you? "

"Of course not." Gu Chensha smiled. "I came here to discuss something important with you. How is the internal affairs of the Myriad Treasures Mysterious Gate? Is there a possibility of paying taxes to the Calming Celestial Bureau? " "Impossible."

Bao Ming 'er waved her hand. "Don't think about it. With your intelligence, you don't think it's possible." "Indeed."

Gu Chensha smiled bitterly and cupped his hands. "What does Sister Ming 'er think about me trying to recruit the Baoyu Nation?" "With brother's current cultivation, it's a piece of cake."

Bao Ming 'er lowered her eyes. "I heard that brother used Lou Baiyue's power to subdue Luluha of the Hell Serpent Temple and let him steal the Sun-Devouring Bashe Pouch. This pouch contains the skin of the Sun-Devouring Bashe. It also has the aura of the Prehistoric Dragon Gate. It seems that brother used the power of the Black Tortoise to refine this treasure into the Dragon Gate." "Sister is really well-informed."

Gu Chensha was shocked. "However, in the process of recruiting the Baoyu Nation, I'm afraid there will be a conflict with you." "What?" Bao Ming 'er's eyes lit up. "How is the Baoyu Nation related to me?" "Sigh …" Gu Chensha sighed. "Should I call you the Lord of the Baoyu Nation or something else?" "You!"

Bao Ming 'er's Xiantian Gang Qi was about to explode, but she suppressed it. "It seems that you know about it. Lou Baiyue must have told you. How are you going to deal with me?"

"That's too harsh." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "I don't want to be enemies with Sister Ming 'er. What do you think?

If you need my Dragon Gate, I can lend it to you. However, I can't give it to you because I have many enemies. " "You are so kind."

Bao Ming 'er smiled. "If I remember correctly, I once placed a mysterious restriction on your Dragon Transformation Pagoda. You immediately discovered it and used an extremely powerful method to refine it. However, you did not do anything and continued to pretend to be courteous with me. You are also a scheming person. Are you trying to use me now? " "Sister, you must be joking."

Gu Chensha smiled bitterly. "As the Lord of the Baoyu Nation, you hold great power and manage billions of subjects. You can do anything you want. If I say that I am using you, how arrogant would I be? I just don't want to be enemies. Otherwise, I wouldn't say it now. "