Chapter 1078
============

() () Chapter 1073: A Chaotic Mess The Nine Profound Cosmos was undergoing a huge transformation. However, this transformation was actually a good thing.

If the Nine Profound Cosmos was pushed by Zhou Yang, it would directly transform into a supreme universe, allowing Zhou Yang to become an undying expert.

The will of the old world definitely didn't wish for Zhou Yang to become an undying expert. However, Gu Chensha hoped that Zhou Yang would grow stronger and cause chaos. In fact, Gu Chensha even hoped that Zhou Yang would become a threat to him.

"KILL!"

In the Nine Profound Cosmos, the Zhou Clan had already broken into the royal palace. Large numbers of palace guards were killed.

Everyone in the Zhou Clan had awakened their spirit force. With the help of Zhou Yang's system, their strength had increased by a thousand times.

Also, as long as they were under the protection of the system, they would be undying. After they died, they could be directly revived by the system, inheriting all their memories and cultivation bases. Originally, those who had awakened their spirit force couldn't be revived.

However, Zhou Yang's system had gathered all the essences of the old world and the new world. It was actually able to combine the two. This was also Gu Chensha's research topic. Jin Suibo had died while trying to break through to the undying realm.

Gu Chensha wanted him to be resurrected, so he had created Zhou Yang as a variable. However, Zhou Yang's system could resurrect anyone below the Celestial Master Realm. In other words, only those who had not cultivated the Power of Immortality could be resurrected. Once the Power of Immortality brewed within their bodies, it would be very difficult to resurrect them. In the past, Sages could be revived. But once an Empyrean died, they would be completely destroyed.

Because Empyreans were known as Divergents, they had grasped a portion of undying energy. Although this undying energy was extremely faint and illusory, it was still at the Undying Realm. After enjoying undying energy, one had to pay the price. Within the Nine Profound Empire's royal palace.

Emperor Xuan Gai Dao was bathed in blood as he sat on his throne. He looked at Grand Tutor Zhou Yuhao, as well as many of the other Zhou Clan disciples. He coughed up blood, "Grand Tutor, I trusted you so much, and yet you rebelled. You're a traitor, and you won't have a good ending. Your strength actually increased so quickly. You must have had some fortuitous encounter. "

"Your Majesty, the multiverse is changing with each passing day. If our entire universe wants to develop, we can't just close ourselves off. I came here on behalf of the will of the Nine Profound Cosmos. The will of the Nine Profound Cosmos feels that Your Majesty's wanton slaughter of people with awakened souls is destroying the entire universe's development, making it impossible for the Nine Profound Cosmos to become a superpower.

That's why the fortuitous encounter I had was the essence of the Nine Profound Cosmos. It's not that I'm rebelling, it's that the universe's essence has abandoned you, "said Zhou Yuhao. He had prepared this speech a long time ago. Rebellion required righteousness. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to quickly calm the hearts of the people. In the Nine Profound Cosmos, what reputation could be greater than the origin of the universe? Therefore, Grand Tutor Zhou Yuhao used the origin of the universe as an excuse.

"Shut up."

Emperor Xuan Gai Dao roared, "Traitor, you dare to use the universe's source as an excuse? My Xuan family is the chosen one, and the universe's source is our backing. Since you dared to invade us, you must be relying on a heretic. (If this chapter is not finished, please turn the page.) Baidu search keywords: Book Palm PP or directly visit the official website & # ▲