Chapter 464
===========

The school of Legalism was definitely the number one aristocratic family.

The Dharma Saint was the founder of the human dao order. Among the seven ancient human sages, his power surpassed even the Martial Sage. He had created the Omniscient Dharma Realm for the school of Legalism.

Rumor had it that the Dharma Saint had gathered many connate treasures from the Primordial Tree and fused them into one to forge the Unified Dharma Ring.

It was also rumored that the Dharma Saint had spent his entire life pursuing the quality of the Heavenly Dao. Rumor had it that the quality of his magic power surpassed that of the ancient sons of heaven and was the closest to the quality of the Heavenly Dao. He had already reached the quality of the Nine True Dragon Dharma.

In ancient times, the Dharma Saint had divided the quality of the True Dragon Dharma into nine levels.

Ordinary Innate Saints, ancient Heavenly Sons of Heaven, could only cultivate the True Dragon Art to the fifth level, the so-called Nine Five Sovereign.

Only an extremely small number of sages and sons of heaven could break through the miracle and reach the sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth levels.

That was because cultivating the fifth level of the True Dragon Dharma was already the limit. If one forcefully cultivated it further, they would be competing with the Heavenly Dao. As the saying went, the dragon soared in the sky and truly stood at the pinnacle. If one wanted to take another step forward, they would have to repent.

For example, the quality of Fa Wuxian's magic power could only reach the fifth level of the True Dragon Dharma at most. It was the same for Wu Dangkong.

As for Zhuge Ya, it seemed that his magic power could break through the fifth level of the True Dragon Dharma and reach an even higher level in the future.

However, there was a drawback. Rumor had it that the Lord of Seven Stars had only come in response to a tribulation. Once the tribulation was over, he would return to his roots. Gu Chensha's Marshal of the People's Dharma was also at the fifth level of the True Dragon Dharma.

Only he himself, with the help of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline and countless fortuitous encounters, had cultivated the rarely seen quality of the Heavenly Dao since ancient times. He had achieved unprecedented accomplishments.

However, it was precisely because of this that many of the ancient experiences were no longer suitable for him. He had to figure them out on his own.

He also knew that in the future, as he cultivated the True Dragon Dharma, problems that only sages would face as his cultivation level increased. One had to become one with the Heavenly Dao, and the power of the Heavenly Dao would grow stronger and stronger until they completely fused. This was the reason why he had come to the school of Legalism.

There was a secret rumor that said that the Dharma Saint was different from many other saints. He did not truly fuse with the Heavenly Dao. Instead, he stayed behind and hid, secretly protecting the school of Legalism.

The Ancient Seven Saints were the Saint of Literature, the Saint of Martial, the Saint of War, the Saint of Engineering, the Saint of Agriculture, the Dharma Saint, and the Saint of Brahma. Among them, the Dharma Saint established order and rules, and his strength was the highest among the saints.

The information that Gu Chensha obtained was that the Dharma Saint had been researching the True Dragon Technique and the Heavenly Path Technique.

At the same time, he was also studying the profoundness of the Heavenly Dao Technique. If Gu Chensha could obtain these things from the Legalists, it would be extremely beneficial to his cultivation.

Although he had mastered the quality of the Heavenly Dao and had a certain understanding of this technique, his research might not be as profound as that of the Dharma Saint.

'I must obtain the results of the Dharma Saint's research and his understanding of magic power. Only by analyzing it layer by layer can I perfect my calculations of magic power.

The Dharma Saint's research and understanding of magic power is far beyond what I can compare with. 'As Gu Chensha thought to himself, he had already arrived at the Dharma Province.

The Dharma Province was extremely large. It had 108 provinces, which had been personally divided by the ancient Dharma Saint.

The Dharma Province was vast and fertile. Since ancient times, it had been governed by laws. Even during the most chaotic Dark Age, when the world was in chaos, the people of this land were safe and sound because of the protection of the Legalists. The people had lived according to the laws of the Legalists for thousands of years. From a certain point of view, the Legalists' protection of a province was a great merit. At the same time, the Dharma Province was the most populous and largest province in the Yongchō.

Ten years ago, the population of the Dharma Province had already reached a few hundred million. But now, it should have exceeded a billion. Because of this, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's empress was also a woman from the Legalist School.

When Gu Chensha stepped into the Dharma Province, he only felt that there was order everywhere. When the people lived, they all had their own rules. Because of this, the efficiency was extremely high. The officials also paid attention to the laws and were meticulous. Looking at the qi flow of the entire Dharma Province, it was actually clear and bright.

The Dharma Province was also the safest. Even in the past, bandits and heroes of the pugilistic world wouldn't dare to cause trouble in the Dharma Province.

The scenery in the cities of the Dharma Province was beautiful. However, the layout was solemn and awe-inspiring.

As Gu Chensha toured around, he inwardly nodded. It wasn't without reason that the Legalists were so powerful.

"If the rumors are true, and the Dharma Saint actually succeeded in resisting the summons of the Heavenly Daos and didn't attempt the Daomerge, then that's terrifying. But it's also possible. For example, the ancient Lord of the Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, didn't return to the seven stars after his death. Instead, he stored himself in the World-Burying Coffin." Gu Chensha walked around the city of the Dharma Province before arriving at the governor's mansion. The governor of the Dharma Province was called Wen Hanlong. He wasn't someone from the Legalist School.

This was a rule of the imperial court. Every province with a thousand-year-old aristocratic family couldn't have a governor who was a descendant of the local aristocratic family.

Otherwise, if they colluded, the imperial court's decrees would basically be impossible to carry out.

Wen Hanlong was an official personally appointed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. He was also a descendant of a aristocratic family and a descendant of the Sage of Literature.

The Sage of Literature revered etiquette, while the Dharma Saint revered laws. The two complemented each other, but they also clashed. In other words, the Sage of Literature valued human relations, while the Dharma Saint valued rules. The so-called laws of reason.

Wen Hanlong was a descendant of the Wen Clan. Since he came to the Dharma Prefecture to be the governor, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's intention was to combine the Wen Clan's etiquette with the Legalist School's laws. He wanted to see if he could create a more perfect form of order. At the same time, he wanted the Wen Clan to restrain the Legalist School, lest the Legalist School became too dominant.

Gu Chensha was the department head of the imperial court's Department of Calming Immortals and was also a king. He had a high status and authority. This time, when he came to the Dharma Prefecture, according to the imperial court's rules, he had to meet the governor first. After that, the governor would inform the Legalist School.

Although Wen Hanlong was a descendant of the Wen Clan, he was also a member of the imperial court. Ten years ago, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor frequently summoned this person and nurtured him. It could be said that this person was indebted to him for recognizing his worth.

The Department of Calming Immortals had also done some research in secret. They discovered that if the Wen Clan and the imperial court were to clash, this person would definitely protect the imperial court. He was also a loyal existence. Gu Chensha directly arrived at the governor's manor and immediately discovered Wen Hanlong's aura.

This person was only in his thirties and had the appearance of a youth. He could be said to be a young hero. At the age of 18, he was nurtured by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

At this moment, Wen Hanlong was sitting on the upper floor of the governor's manor. He had a cup of green tea and an ancient book. He was looking at the clouds floating in the sky. It was very peaceful and carefree.

"Lord Hanlong is very comfortable." Gu Chensha appeared in the attic.

When Wen Hanlong saw that it was Gu Chensha, he slowly put down the ancient book and bowed to the ground. "Greetings, Your Highness." "Oh?

From the looks of it, it seems that you already knew that I would come? "Gu Chensha was a little surprised.

"It seems that Your Highness should come to the Dharma Prefecture."

After Wen Hanlong bowed, he stood up and still had the air of a scholar. "Right now, the seal of the Invincible Sea of Sin is broken, and the demonic aura is boiling. I'm afraid that the great calamity recorded in the history books will break out again.

Originally, this calamity should only break out in a few hundred years. However, because the world is developing too fast, in just a mere 24 years, it has already surpassed the development of a few hundred years. The human dao is flourishing, and it has caused the demonic aura to boil. The Department of Calming Immortals is already standing on the front line of the calamity.

Apart from accumulating strength, what Your Highness needs to do is to contact the various aristocratic families to fight the demon together. This is something that the Dynasty has to do. "

"It seems like you know the world like the back of your hand. As expected from a talent that Father likes. The Dharma Prefecture is the top prefecture in the Central Divine Continent. You have been the Governor here for many years, so it is impossible for you not to have skill. I think that your cultivation is no lower than the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises. Your future is limitless."

Gu Chensha glanced at him and could see that Wen Hanlong's cultivation was really shocking. He had reached the 20th transformation of Dao Realm, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence. He had also cultivated the Vajra Technique.

At such a realm, he was already the Grand Elder of the Xuantian Celestial Sect. He controlled a palace and had a high status.

In the world, the governor level people were usually at the fifth transformation of the Dao Realm, the Hundred Apertures, or the sixth transformation of the Qi Refining into Astral Energy. The best one was at the seventh transformation of the Levitating Sky and the eighth transformation of the Samadhi True Fire. If they cultivated to the ninth transformation of the Glass Jade Body, then they would be used differently. This was the explosion that happened in the last five to six years.

The Governor level officials had really good benefits. Apart from large amounts of money, they also received pills and cultivation techniques.

During these years, the Calm Celestial Division had conquered thousands of second and third-rate celestial sects. They received large amounts of taxes each year and a portion of it was given to the treasury to pay the officials.

It was obvious that Wen Hanlong's cultivation was so high not because of the government's salary or treatment, but because he had a fortuitous encounter.

"Your Highness's eyes are really sharp."

Wen Hanlong said, "Your Highness, in the battle in the Demon Domain, you directly defeated the joint forces of the four great experts of the Immortal Dao Sect, and your fame has already spread far and wide. Now it seems like Your Highness' strength has increased by who knows how many times compared to before. How could my insignificant abilities enter Your Highness' eyes?"

"Hanlong, there is no need to belittle yourself. With your cultivation, you can compare to the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises." Gu Chensha waved his hands, "I came to visit the Legalists. Do you think they will give me face?

Last time, when Jing Fanxing tried to assassinate me, I went to Jingzhou to visit the Jing Family, but they didn't give me any face at all. "

"Don't worry, Your Highness. The Jing Family is plotting a rebellion. Moreover, you are like the sun in the sky. The Calm Celestial Division wiped out the Ape Race and even made the three Apes suffer.

No matter how strong the Legalists are, they will have to think twice. After all, the Thousand Transformation Stone Ape, Yin Yang Ghost Ape, and Diamond Fighting Ape are all God Realm experts. "Wen Hanlong seemed to know a lot of intel.