Chapter 533
===========

Gu Chensha was no longer able to interfere in the battle of the Battle Saint's Abode, but he had already obtained enough benefits. Most importantly, he had broken through the twenty-third transformation, "Past Reflection", breaking through the major bottleneck that he had been unable to break through for a long time. Moreover, he had also transformed the sphere of "Life's Will" into a "Small Thousand World". The change in this world was huge for the Jingxian Department.

The most obvious benefit was that its defensive and offensive power had greatly increased, allowing it to stand tall without falling. In fact, with the nature of the Common People's Wish sphere, it had already surpassed most minor dimensions. It now had the possibility of advancing into a dimensional realm. However, it was definitely not easy to advance into a medium-sized world.

Taiyi Fantasy Sect and Universe Profound Sect were not medium-sized worlds, but the peak of small chiliocosms. They had not advanced into medium-sized worlds yet, so they could not compare to Heaven Earth Profound Sect.

However, they had obtained the Dragon Raising Mental Sutra that Gu Chensha had taught them. As long as they operated it peacefully and turned a large number of their disciples into geniuses, they would be able to advance steadily in hundreds of years. Martial Saint's Cave's dream of advancing into a medium-sized world had been completely destroyed.

Secondly, the greatest benefit of the sphere's advancement into a medium-sized world was that its manufacturing ability had greatly improved. The Human Dragon Sword, Human Dragon Armor, and Human Dragon Pill that it manufactured would be much better in both quality and quantity than before. Gu Chensha was very safe in his own sphere. He still looked towards Martial Saint's Cave.

At this moment, light shot out from within Martial Saint's Cave. All of a sudden, a baleful qi surged and then fell silent. Martial Saint's Cave then started to wriggle and shrink before slowly hiding in the depths of the void.

"Hmm? It seems that Xing Qiongshi didn't let the Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor escape? Instead, they made some sort of deal? What happened to the Wu clan? "

Seeing this, Gu Chensha was puzzled, "Should I transform into Wu Dang Xing again and go to the Wu clan to find out what happened? No, this is extremely dangerous.

Martial Saint's Cave had stabilized. King Wu Yu, the nine god-level experts, Martial Emperor, and Wu Dangkong were all living there. After checking, would they discover that the entire treasury of the Wu clan had disappeared? What would happen then? They would definitely suspect Wu Dang Xing. Oh, I have just mastered the 23 changes, Past Reflection! Then let's deduce what exactly happened in the Martial Saint's Abode. " Gu Chensha hurriedly activated it. His entire person turned into a bright mirror, and all sorts of things appeared in the mirror.

Originally, it was impossible for a cultivator at the 23 Changes to peer into the Martial Saint's Abode. Even a cultivator at the 24 Changes to peer into the future would not be able to do so. Brilliant cultivators were able to hide their heavenly secrets and not be spied on.

However, Gu Chensha cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique, so he seemed to be able to deduce everything. At that instant, he understood everything that had happened in the Martial Saint's Chamber.

"So that's how it is, so that's how it is. The Martial Saint and the Xing Qiong Clan came to an agreement in the end."

Gu Chensha suddenly turned back into himself: "Xing Qiong Shi still supports Wu Dangkong, because he needs the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman to do many things for him. Moreover, the main reason why Xing Qiong Shi compromised was because of the power left behind by Imperial Father. It suppressed the entire Divine Continent, making it impossible for him to cultivate the 100 layers of Divine Continent Law and merge with the Divine Continent."

According to Gu Chensha's calculations, the Martial Saint's Abode had now completely stabilized, and the situation had changed. Martial Emperor occupied one-third of the control, while Wu Dangkong, King Wu Yu, and the nine god-level experts each occupied one-third.

However, the Martial Saint's Abode's power had also shrunk by one-third. Moreover, all the pills, primordial treasures, and godly weapons in the treasury had been stolen by Gu Chensha. The losses were so great that it was no less than a large clan being plundered.

If Gu Chensha was given more time, the Martial Saint's Abode would have been sucked dry and degenerated into a tiny world. This time, the Martial Saint's Abode had lost at least three to four thousand years of hard work.

"This time, Wu Dangkong planned to destroy our Tranquil Immortal Agency, and he even wanted Fa Wu Xian to collude with the demon race and mobilize a Demon God level expert. This is suicide, we'll kill every one that comes! Even if a Saint comes, he'll be skinned alive. How can a small chiliocosm be child's play? "

Gu Chensha's heart calmed down. Once a small chiliocosm was formed, it would be extremely difficult for a Saint to invade it. Especially when the small chiliocosm of the Common People's Wish sphere had accumulated so much power that it had a chance of becoming a medium-sized world.

"It's a pity that I didn't manage to capture that void worm this time."

In the blink of an eye, he thought again: "That void worm's power is almost at the peak of the god-level, close to that of a Saint. It's not like a magic treasure without an origin spirit, how can I capture it?" "Congratulations, Your Highness, you've finally broken through the bottleneck!"

Zhuge Ya laughed heartily, this time he was truly happy. The Common People's Wish sphere was a small chiliocosm with a stable foundation. If he encountered danger, even if he couldn't win, the sphere's speed in the void was something that even a Saint couldn't hope to match. "I'm now eighty percent sure that I can obtain the World Burying Coffin." "Everyone has improved a lot this time, right?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Of course." The sphere flashed, and a figure appeared. It was actually Lou Baiyue.

Gu Chensha looked over and discovered that Lou Baiyue's aura was sacred and unrestrained. She had actually become an innate Saint as well. "Baiyue, you've finally awakened the bloodline left behind by Father Emperor? You've broken through the bottleneck and reached the aptitude of an innate Saint? "

"Not bad, this is all because of the experience you left in the Wish Tree. The information from the Heaven-Defying Mutated Pill allowed me to comprehend some things. Along with the evolution of the Common People's Wish sphere into a small chiliocosm, as one of the creators, I have obtained huge amounts of power."

Lou Baiyue's aura was totally different from before. Although a natural Saint and a top genius were just one level apart, in terms of Dao Technique usage, cultivation knowledge, and comprehension, they were far from comparable. At this moment, Lou Baiyue could deal with ten of him.

"Common People's Commander!" Honglong! Gu Chensha summoned and the 360 Common People's Generals were guided into the sphere.

"Wish Tree!"

He activated his own intent and many bright lights shot out from the Wish Tree, wrapping around the 360 Common People's Generals. Many liquid-like powers surged down and carved many runes. Honglong! The 360 Common People's Generals exploded, turning into balls of runes and absorbing new ones.

After a full three days and three nights, the Common People's Generals formed their bodies once more. They had already transformed into the 23 transformations of the Dao Realm and could see the past. Gu Chensha had advanced and they could advance at any time.

Of course, this was the benefit of a small chiliocosm. If it was a small world, even if Gu Chensha advanced, he would need several years of hard work to allow the Common People's Generals to advance. How would it be like now, where he could do it in just three days?

"Amazing."

Lou Baiyue was delighted, "This is pretty much stealing good fortune. The Heaven Path Technique is just so terrifying. 360 Common People's Generals of 23 transformations will increase the efficiency of running the academy by more than 10 times?"

"Of course. Not to mention anything else, each Common People's Commander can see the past. He can sense the conflicts between students and the various problems of the students. He can then correct and change them."

Gu Chensha said, "In this way, the entire academy will be transparent, fair, and strict. Everyone will be united, and we will be able to assist the world's Governors in investigating cases and handling affairs, the Chamber of Commerce's assessment, and the governance of the world will be improved to a higher level.

"Actually, the biggest benefit this time is that the Xing Qiong Clan activated the Divine Prefecture's Hundred Levels and activated the Divine Prefecture's great power, but it was suppressed by the unseen. In this way, all the major powers will have to be more careful and won't dare to act rashly. I'm afraid the Devil Race won't dare to launch a Devil Calamity either, which will buy us some time."

"What we lack now is time. If we have enough time, our growth will be much faster than any family or sect." Gu Chensha thought about the Small God Continent.

He split a portion of his strength and pointed out. Hua la hua la, large amounts of Heaven Dew landed. At this moment, the Rain Heaven Dew that he activated had 80% of the effect of the true Heaven Dew.

Such a change was shocking. If the Small God Continent was nurtured by him and operated for decades, what would it be like?

"We have the fate of the world in our hands. At this moment, we can be considered to have achieved success. Basically, as long as there are no major changes and we can maintain the current situation, the world will eventually become one. No one can play any tricks." Suddenly, the Fourth appeared in the sphere. His body rippled with a divine aura.

"Fourth Brother, you also activated father's bloodline and became a natural born Saint?" Gu Chensha was wild with joy.

"That's right. The moment the Common People's Wish sphere turned into a small chiliocosm, I received the blessing of the world's power. As the creator of the world, I have a deep understanding of time and space. In an instant, I sensed father's bloodline and it filled my entire body. As it flowed, any restrictions on talent were broken."

The Fourth Gu Huasha laughed loudly, "Father is an existence that dominates the world. How can the bloodline he left behind be mediocre?

Compared to many great forces, our Gu Family's royal family was too mediocre in the past. Now … let's show the world the power of the Tranquil Fairy Department. "

"That's right. The Princess and the Prince have both become natural born Saints. If news of this gets out, I'm afraid even those officials who are wavering will completely submit. One sect with four saints, not to mention the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise are also holy beasts. They are equivalent to Saints." Zhuge Ya said, "Which sect has a scale like ours?" "How amazing! Heavenly Law Technique!

A small chiliocosm … "The four holy beasts also communicated with each other in the Tree of Desire." Looks like we followed the right person. In the future, our achievements will probably be greater than our ancestors'. "