Chapter 387
===========

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue weren't afraid at all. Their bodies swelled up as one.

Gu Chensha secretly used the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique while Lou Baiyue used the Great Massacre God Technique. Both of their powers circulated in their bodies before suddenly surging out. Rip!

The Heaven and Earth Dust Net that the few Demon Emperors laid out was broken right away. The Skull Black Demon Emperor's attack was reflected back, causing him to retreat. Even the black throne was smashed into pieces.

When Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue worked together, their combat strength was much stronger than when they fought separately. It wasn't as simple as one plus one equals two, it was ten times stronger.

"The Skull Black Demon Emperor isn't simple. It is easy for us to defeat him, but to capture him and kill him will be really difficult."

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue succeeded in one move and were about to discuss tactics to expand the battle. It would be best if they could capture a few Demon Emperors. Just at that moment, a person suddenly charged into the battlefield. Honglong!

This person charged in and his entire body spread out. His powers shocked everyone and a picturesque scene unfolded.

"It's Hong Wending. This is the transformation of the State Dynasty Map." Gu Chensha saw it clearly. "He is helping us deal with the Skull Black Demon Emperor."

Lou Baiyue didn't need Gu Chensha to remind her. She had seen it long ago. Hong Wending had instantly wrapped up the Skull Black Demon Emperor.

The Skull Black Demon Emperor hollered in rage and wanted to break the map. But it wasn't that easy. The two of them were fighting intensely.

"Good chance!" As long as he restricted the Skull Black Demon Emperor, the other demons would be easy to deal with.

Ku Chen, Ku Hun, Ku Li, Ku Ci, Ku Bao, these Demon Emperors were all at the eighteen transformations of the Dao Realm. Some were at the nineteen transformations. Anyway, none of them were stronger than Ku Hun.

"Capture!"

At that moment, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue grabbed the chance and flew out. They grabbed in the air and numerous lights flew out, turning into ropes that tied up these Demon Emperors.

In the blink of an eye, the Skull Black Demon Emperor was tied up by Gu Chensha's rope and couldn't move at all.

This rope was formed by Gu Chensha's Core Energy. It flew out silently and was extremely mysterious. As long as one was tied up, one wouldn't be able to change size at all. Even if one cultivated Size Manipulation, one wouldn't be able to change size as one wished. Even if one cultivated Qi, one wouldn't be able to. This was the Son Heaven God Sealing technique, Sun Moon Transformation.

He used the Sun-Moon Transformation to activate his Core Qi, which transformed into the Sun-Moon Immortal-Binding Rope. Once the rope flew out, it would hit its target 100% of the time. It bound the immortal and prevented him from transforming.

After cultivating to this point, Gu Chensha's Heaven Earth God Sealing Art — Sun Moon Radiance Ten Stances — had become increasingly mystical.

After all, this technique was the top technique in history. As his cultivation increased, many abilities that he couldn't use in the past were activated. Shua shua shua shua …

All the Demon Emperors, including Ku Hun, were tied up by the Sun Moon Celestial Binding Rope. He tried to use Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth but he was unable to change at all.

Being tied up by the Sun Moon Celestial Binding Rope, he couldn't use his powers at all. It was like a baby trying to move a huge rock. After all the Demon Emperors were tied up, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue clasped their hands together.

Instantly, all the Demon Emperors were squeezed and shrunk. They gathered into a palm-sized crystal that landed in Gu Chensha's hands.

Among them, the Skull Hun Demon Emperor hadn't mastered Size Manipulation, so his body couldn't shrink at all. However, under the power of Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue, his body was forcefully compressed. His Golden Core left his body and was sealed in the crystal.

The others had all mastered Size Manipulation, so they would shrink at the slightest pressure. Needless to say, the Skull Hun Demon Emperor was like a mosquito frozen in amber. All of them were in despair.

Before Gu Chensha shattered his major bloodlines, his strength was already far above Jing Fanxing's, and Jing Fanxing's strength was two to three times that of the Skull Hun Demon Emperor. Now that Gu Chensha's strength had increased a lot, and he had teamed up with Lou Baiyue, the Skull Hun Demon Emperor could naturally be sealed with a flick of a finger.

Actually, the two of them could even suppress the Skull Hun Demon Emperor if they teamed up and spent some time. Bang!

At that moment, there was a loud explosion. Who knew what technique the Skull Hun Demon Emperor used to actually break the seal of the Mountain and River State Map and break free from it?

Both the Skull Hun Demon Emperor and Hong Wending were experts at the 23 Dao Realm Future Sight Realm. Since they were at the same realm, naturally, it wouldn't be so easy for a winner to be decided. Hong Wending's strength was slightly higher, but the Skull Hun Demon Emperor had a trump card too. They weren't sick in the head like Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue, who could kill people across realms.

At the same realm, one could fight for a month or even a few months or even a year without a winner being decided.

"It seems like Hong Wending is helping us to suppress this demon. With his help, it will be much easier for us to suppress this demon. Luckily, this demon hasn't reached the 24 Dao Realm Future Sight Realm Future Sight Realm, otherwise, we wouldn't be able to do anything to him."

Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha immediately made their moves. As the two of them mobilized their powers, their mana surged out and transformed into a giant sphere in the air. It was a simulated Common People's Wish Ball.

Gu Chensha's Core Energy and Lou Baiyue's powers mixed together and the simulated ball was extremely huge. In just an instant, it replaced the Mountain and River State Map and wrapped around the Skull Hun Demon Emperor.

At that moment, Hong Wending was also helping. The Mountain and River State Map that he had turned into shrunk and entered the ball. He clashed with the Skull Hun Demon Emperor once more to whittle down his energy.

If not, without him suppressing him, the Skull Hun Demon Emperor might have used some forbidden techniques to break free.

"The Skull Hun Demon Emperor is quite amazing. Without Hong Wending's help, the two of us might be able to suppress this demon, but it definitely wouldn't be easy.

An expert at the 23 Dao Realm Past Sight Realm is already so difficult to deal with, much less someone like Jing Qiu. "

A thought flashed across Gu Chensha's mind, "Fa Wuxian is actually able to fight with Jing Qiu at the 22 Dao Realm Transformation. Although he lost, he didn't die. He only had 10% of his strength left and he still fought with me for so long. He nearly schemed against me. Now that he obtained the Ancient Death Relic and refined it, his cultivation will improve. I have to be careful in the future. However, I have shattered all my bloodline and turned it into Common People's True Blood. I will feed these Demon Emperors and Demon Emperors to the Touch of the Ghost God Tree and it will turn into the Heaven Monster Tree."

The Demon Area was great. This time, Gu Chensha had captured Skeleton Ash, who was at the twenty-second transformation state of Lawful Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. Then, Skeleton Dust, Skeleton Soul, Skeleton Lie, Skeleton Thorn, and Skeleton Bao were all full of essence Qi and powerful Jindan. Along with the Skull Hun Demon Emperor, they should be able to evolve the Touch of the Ghost God. Ah!

As Hong Wending, Gu Chensha, and Lou Baiyue activated their power, the Skull Hun Demon Emperor finally let out a deafening roar and his body turned into a crystal clear relic. It was actually a Sky Demon Relic.

Demons with powerful magic power could transform into Heavenly Demon Relics, which contained all of their magic power and the most quintessential profoundness.

Gu Chensha grabbed the Sky Demon Relic and felt the strongest demonic intent within. He knew that the Skull Hun Demon Emperor wasn't dead and could explode at any moment. Turning into a Sky Demon Relic was just a way for him to protect himself. Luckily, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue definitely wouldn't give the Skull Hun Demon Emperor any chance.

After he grabbed the Heavenly Demon Relic, he nodded slightly at Hong Wending. "Mister Wending, thank you very much for this. It seems that you have shown sufficient sincerity towards our Calming Immortal Department. Our Calming Immortal Department will help you investigate your grievances." "Thank you." Hong Wending cupped his hands. "I will wait for your good news." "Mister Wending, please follow us to the sacrificial altar."

Lou Baiyue wasn't in the mood to talk to Hong Wending about anything else. After calling out to Hong Wending, he quickly flew to the altar with Gu Chensha.

Liu Yu and the others were still guarding the sacrificial altar. Occasionally, they would fly out and kill some demons that were spying on them. As soon as Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue landed, the five of them bowed again. Hong Wending watched them from outside the sacrificial altar with a smile.

Gu Chensha placed the Maha Black Sun that he cultivated, the Skeleton Dust, Skeleton Soul, Skeleton Li, Skeleton Thorn, Skeleton Explosion, and Skeleton Ash, as well as the Sky Demon Relic formed by the Skull Hun Demon Emperor on the sacrificial altar. Then, he directly communicated with the Life's Wish sphere. A beam of golden light swept down and swept all of them away.

Seeing this power, Hong Wending's expression changed. He could feel that the supreme divine ability of this treasure was not inferior to the Dynasty and Country Painting of the Mystical School. This was a great existence that could suppress the destiny of a sect.

In the Life's Wish sphere, Zhuge Ya was holding down the fort. The Vermilion Bird and Black Tortoise assisted him, adjusting the vital energy and condensing various great formations, causing the inner world to become even purer.

Governing this kind of world was like governing a country. One had to constantly adjust the frequency of the various energies and vital energy within the entire world to evolve it perfectly. It was like a human's breathing.

If a grotto-heaven wasn't adjusted for a long time, it would deteriorate. The vital energy within it would become chaotic, and eventually, it would be torn apart by the powerful space-time power. It was like a house that wasn't lived in for a long time. It would quickly collapse. Whoosh whoosh whoosh! Those Demon Emperors and Demon Emperors were all swept in under the Touch of Ghost-God tree.

"Good fellow." A look of joy appeared on Zhuge Ya's face. "Such a huge amount of vital energy can allow the Touch of Ghost-God to evolve.

Yes, once the Heavenly Demon Tree is formed, the adjustment of the inner world of the Life's Wish sphere will simply be earth-shattering. From now on, it will be easier for us.

And the inner world of this sphere is even more sturdy. I'm afraid even Sages won't be able to penetrate it. " The Vermilion Bird and Black Tortoise nodded repeatedly. They chuckled, and the Black Tortoise repeatedly rolled on the ground to express its excitement.

Meanwhile, Zhuge Ya's hands shot out light. Immediately, the roots of the Touch of Ghost-God tree burrowed out of the ground, wrapped around the six Demon Emperors, one Demon Emperor, and Gu Chensha's Black Mahākāśyapa, and pulled them underground.

Then, the wriggling of the Life's Wish sphere accelerated. This sphere wanted to help the Touch of Ghost-God digest these things.