Chapter 924
===========

Geniuses remember in a second, 'Go if you like? Say → ', providing you with exciting novels to read. Chapter 911: All Gone With the disappearance of Spirit Qi, the people of the world could no longer cultivate. This was a world-shaking, earth-shattering change.

In an instant, almost all the cultivators in the world were terrified. Some cultivators were hysterical, and they were about to go berserk in an instant. Whoosh whoosh whoosh … In an instant, Gu Chensha received many messages asking for instructions. These were all sent by the Dragonless Cabinet.

This was a really big thing. Once the world lost Spirit Qi, it represented the beginning of the collapse. This was like an ancient dynasty. All of a sudden, all of the land couldn't be used to grow crops.

Such a disaster, of course, would cause refugees to rise everywhere. The dynasty would collapse in an instant.

"Chensha."

Next to Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue said, "The spiritual energy is gone, and the destiny of the nation is plummeting. Everyone is in a state of panic, and chaos is everywhere. Many cultivators are killing each other, because if they can't get any more spiritual energy, they'll kill other cultivators and take their spiritual energy. If they don't do that, they won't be able to cultivate, and they won't be able to use divine abilities.

We have to think of a way to suppress this matter. Otherwise, the longer it drags on, the more chaos the court will fall. " "There's no rush."

Gu Chensha looked at Lou Baiyue, "Baiyue, I can say with certainty that this is the Emperor Of Heaven's plot. Last time, when the sun and moon disappeared, I had to use my own will to become the sun and moon again to shine on the divine continent and the four wilds. This took up most of my energy. Now, I think the Emperor Of Heaven wants to take away all the Spirit Qi and Spiritual Energy in the Spiritual Realm and integrate it into the human world. Then, he will cause the Yongchō to shake and force me to use my own power to evolve Spirit Qi for people to cultivate. Of course, I can do this, but it's meaningless. It goes against my principles." "Then what should we do now?"

Lou Baiyue pointed to the world and said, "The world is in a state of panic. Our imperial court should come up with a way to calm the people."

"I've been prepared for this for a long time. The mindset of the people in the world should change. Absorbing spiritual energy, cultivating, and plundering has already become something that is deeply embedded in their bones and souls. If they don't go through a baptism, it's impossible for them to know.

The Imperial Court has announced a very simple method to calm the people. They will say that the disappearance of spiritual qi is the result of a great calamity, but it is also an opportunity. Everyone, don't panic. The Imperial Court will hold a great ceremony. After the ceremony, all cultivation methods will be changed. People can continue to cultivate without relying on spiritual qi, and their cultivation will be faster and better, "Gu Chensha said.

"Your Dragonless Heart Sutra can already allow all living beings to achieve self-perfection, self-improvement, and self-improvement without plundering?" Lou Baiyue said in shock.

"I can't. I've already reached perfection. I don't need to rely on absorbing external objects to improve. My own spirit can expand by itself and form a system of its own.

But living beings do not have my wisdom, even if I impart the deepest level of the Dragonless Mantra to them. They won't be able to comprehend this principle. "

Gu Chensha said, "But if this great ceremony is held smoothly, I will be able to comprehend the profundities of the tribulations in one go, and comprehend a brand new principle. Let all living beings cultivate my technique, and all will be able to achieve success in one go. Break free from the shackles. " "Then this time's great ceremony must be held?"

A knowing smile appeared on Lou Baiyue's face. "I feel that this time's tribulation is extraordinary." "That's for sure. The greater the tribulation, the greater the harvest."

Gu Chensha said, "In fact, everything is under my control. In the gradual struggle, I have already gained the upper hand. I also have a clue about the Emperor Of Heaven's actions. At first, I thought it was that Zhang Ziran, but I found out that this person is the master of the Human Realm, or rather, a bait thrown out by the Emperor Of Heaven. It's to divert our attention, allowing the Emperor Of Heaven to secretly carry out his conspiracy. " "During this great ceremony, he should be completely revealed."

Lou Baiyue said, "This person will never allow us to succeed in the great ceremony. He will definitely reveal himself, and he can't be the mastermind behind the scenes. If he doesn't fight us head-on, he won't have a chance. Since ancient times, those who truly accomplished great things did not succeed by plotting behind the scenes. They had to fight head-on and break through everything in order to succeed. Now that the Heaven Realm is about to collapse, the Yao Realm, the Devil Realm, the Divine Realm, the Immortal Realm, the Human Realm, and the Underworld are all about to form, but the foundation of the Heavenly Court, the Divine Central Continent, is firmly in our hands. He must seize the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds to succeed in one fell swoop.

But the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds have already completely fused with the systems and warships left behind by the prehistoric civilization. Add to that our daily refinement, and they have almost become a part of us, the Emperor Of Heaven can't take them away unless he kills us. But Chensha, I can see that you have truly reached the realm of immortality and incorruptibility. I'm afraid that even if we fail, the Emperor Of Heaven won't be able to kill you. " "That's the reality of the situation."

Gu Chensha said noncommittally, "And even if it comes to the last moment, I still have a way to turn the tables. [Love ↑ Go △ Little ↓ Say △ Net Qu 】”

"If that's the case, then I can rest assured."

Lou Baiyue said, "I also have a great tribulation, but a bunch of mobs want to kill me. That peacock seems to have taken your Dragon Talisman, but instead of being the head of the Monster Appeasement Department, she cooperated with Wu Dangkong and Long Xiangtian. She's really digging her own grave."

"This woman is indeed courting death. Seeing that she is my father's woman, I gave her a chance. However, this person is stubborn. There is no cure for her. She can't blame me for this," said Jiang Chen.

Gu Chensha said, "Go and make the preparations. When the time comes, we'll catch Long Xiangtian and the others in one fell swoop. This time, I'm going to use my real trump card. I can't keep playing with the Emperor Of Heaven like this."

"My cultivation has improved, and I've completely fused the Emperor's Golden Medallion with the Queen of Heaven's Essence. I've extracted the true undying substance from it. Actually, Long Xiangtian, Wu Dangkong, and that peacock won't be able to guess that I've already mastered the ultimate technique. When the time comes, I'll give them a surprise." Lou Baiyue's eyes flashed with murderous intent. Rumble!

At this time, the entire Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds shook again. This was caused by the collapse of many formations, and the withering of the Blessed Paradises.

Formations needed to constantly absorb Spiritual Qi to maintain their operation. Now that the Spiritual Qi was gone, the formations of countless clans would immediately collapse. This was especially true for the Blessed Paradises, which used up a lot of Spiritual Qi and Immortal Qi every second. If the Spiritual Qi was gone, the Blessed Paradises wouldn't be able to hold on.

"The Celestial Energy is gone too?"

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue realized that after the Spiritual Qi disappeared, the Celestial World collapsed and shrunk before disappearing. It disappeared really quickly. It seemed like the Celestial World didn't belong to the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds.

This way, the Celestials who had cultivated to the 20th transformation of the Dao Realm, turning their bodies into magic power wouldn't have a chance to replenish their energy. These people would rebel and plunder, causing the world to become even more chaotic.

"Now that normal people have lost their Spiritual Qi, they won't be able to cultivate."

Lou Baiyue sensed the space and the changes in the dimensions. She shook her head and sighed, "Next, the Celestial World will disappear and they won't be able to absorb Celestial Energy. Celestials above Transformation 20 won't be able to cultivate, but once they reach Transformation 29 and comprehend the Chaos Realm, they won't need to absorb Celestial Energy. They can just absorb Chaos Essence Energy and extract the world essence that is even purer than Celestial Energy. This is why God Realm Experts can temporarily remain calm. I don't believe that the Chaos Realm will disappear." "The Chaos Realm will indeed disappear. God Realm Experts and Saints won't be able to cultivate.

Sky Venerables can only gather a large number of normal people to obtain the power of worship and rely on them to survive. "Gu Chensha said.

Sure enough, as Gu Chensha was speaking, the outermost region of the space-time turbulence, which used to be boundless primordial chaos, seemed to be changing. The primordial chaos became thinner, and the primordial chaos energy was being absorbed into an unknown space-time by an immeasurable force. Or perhaps it could be said that the primordial chaos was collapsing and condensing in some way. This sort of primordial chaos instinctively collapsing power would only appear when the worlds were about to be destroyed.

"Damn, I can't sense the Chaos Realm anymore?"

At that moment, Gu Chensha saw many experts flying up from the Desolate Sea. These experts were all god-grade and Sages. There was even a faint trace of a Heavenly Venerate's spiritual consciousness.

"We can't sense Chaos Essence Energy? Aren't they trying to kill us all? " "Heavens, what's going on? Is the world really going to be destroyed?

Rumor has it that when the world collapses, the Chaos Realm collapses and condenses into a small dot. Then, all the worlds will be destroyed. If the worlds leave the Chaos Realm, it will be like a river that has lost its source and will eventually wither. " "What should we do?" "It's the Great Calamity of the Great Calamity of the World. What's the point of us cultivating?"

"We have cultivated to the God Realm and can create our own worlds. We have cultivated to become Saints and even Sky Venerables. But now, in the face of the world's destruction, we are like ants. We are no different from all living beings. What's the point of us cultivating? No, we can't do this. Kill, kill, kill, kill … I want to kill and plunder. "

Countless crazy thoughts rose in the hearts of many cultivators. Now, many cultivators had lost their calm in the face of the Great Calamity of the World. The madness in their hearts had been aroused. They were not willing to abide by order.

When the Great Calamity of the World came, the first thing to collapse was not the world, but the hearts of the people.

When the Great Calamity of the World came, the first thing to collapse was not the world, but the hearts of the people. There had never been a situation where everyone was in the same boat.

Gu Chensha had absorbed the system, wisdom, experience, and even various memories left behind by the prehistoric technological civilization. Hundreds of years before the prehistoric technological civilization was about to be destroyed, the Great Calamity of the World began to collapse. The entire civilization was filled with ambitious people and lunatics.

If everyone in the civilization could unite as one, the Heavenly Dao might not be able to defeat them.