Chapter 908
===========

Gu Chensha used the systems and battleships left behind by the prehistoric civilization to refine China and the Four Wildernesses, causing the future Heavenly Court to lose its foundation. This was a turning point in history.

The moment he refined China and the Four Wildernesses, Gu Chensha felt that his country's fate had increased by a lot. The hearts of the people in the court calmed down. This was because he had forcefully seized the fate that should have belonged to the Heavenly Court. The future Heavenly Court could not be formed anymore. If the Emperor Of Heaven wanted to truly lead the worlds, he would face many difficulties. In other words, the future planned by the Heavenly Dao had been destroyed by him.

Of course, he would face even more crazy counterattacks from the people of the Heavenly Court and the Heavenly Dao.

However, this did not matter. Even if he did not refine China and the Four Wildernesses, the people of the Heavenly Court would not let him go.

"We've completely stabilized."

The higher-ups of the court all gathered at the center of the Dragonless Gourd. They all knew that Gu Chensha had completed an unprecedented feat. He had finally refined China and the Four Wildernesses. Now, it would not be easy for the entire country to create a disaster like before.

"Originally, China was the future Heavenly Court. Now that we have refined China, from a certain perspective, we have already replaced the position of the Heavenly Court. In the future, we can completely rule the worlds and create a new era. The Emperor Of Heaven can be beaten into a remnant by us. We can announce that he is the source of sin that caused the loss of the sun and moon and the destruction of the worlds. He is the source of all evil and must be eliminated.

Over time, we can completely eliminate the source of the Emperor Of Heaven's fate. "Wen Hong came up with an idea.

"That's a good idea." Gu Chensha's eyes lit up. "Good, very good.

Actually, the Heavenly Court is a great sin that causes people to lose the opportunity to ascend. The Underworld is also a place that punishes and restricts the development of all living beings. So, to us, the Heavenly Court and the Underworld are indeed the source of all evil.

Good, now that China and the Four Wildernesses have stabilized, I have begun to gradually release my power. I can use a large portion of it now. This way, the Emperor Of Heaven will definitely not be my match. Once we destroy the Celestial Thearch, we can truly do what we want to do. " "Then I'll go do it immediately."

Wen Hong's will was passed down, "First of all, release a large amount of news that there is a huge sin hidden in the world. Spread the profound meaning of the future Heavenly Court and Underworld, preparing to subvert the order, bring disaster, and imprison the progress of all living beings. At the same time, let countless ambitious people write articles to criticize the sinful aspects of the structure of the future Heavenly Court and Underworld. Over time, the people of the world will deeply hate the ruling style of the Heavenly Court and Underworld. Even people like the Emperor of Heaven and the Emperor of Earth will not be able to bewitch the people. As long as the people's hearts do not change, our Yong Dynasty will truly be in long-term peace. Finally, we will slowly reach a point where all living beings are of one mind and transcend. "

"Right now, the people's hearts are still not stable. The greed and viciousness of the people will never disappear. Ever since the Heavenly Dao lost control and cultivation became easier and easier, there are more and more people who have ambitions towards the power of the Imperial Court. There are more and more people who don't comply with the Imperial Court's jurisdiction and want to quickly raise their strength. Now, the General and General Life will capture many people who break the law. These people steal other people's treasures to raise their own strength. At the same time, they link up and prepare to fight against the Imperial Court. Even a small character actually has thoughts of rebellion."

Lou Baiyue frowned. "In our prison, there are more and more prisoners. In a few years, I'm afraid we'll have to create a new space to imprison prisoners. This way, it will become more and more similar to Underworld. How can we transcend the Heavenly Court and Underworld? In my opinion, the structure of the Heavenly Court and Underworld is the easiest to achieve the greatest balance between the people of the Heavenly Court and Underworld.

Our magic power may surpass that of the Emperor Of Heaven and Earthly Sovereign, but if we want to surpass the structure of the Heavenly Court and Underworld, I'm afraid it'll be very difficult. " "I'm also thinking about this."

Gu Chensha thought for a moment and said, "It's actually easy to surpass the Emperor Of Heaven in terms of power, but if we can also surpass the Emperor Of Heaven in terms of governance, that will indeed be an amazing thing. That will mean that we have truly surpassed the Heavenly Dao and surpassed the future. This is something we can't do.

When I go to the common people to observe the changes and continue to comprehend, in the end, the Dragonless Heart Sutra will be able to deduce the structure of governance that surpasses the Heavenly Court and Underworld. "

The Dragonless Heart Sutra wasn't just a cultivation method. In reality, it was all-encompassing. It also contained the deepest level of governance.

But then again, the structure of the Heavenly Court and Underworld could indeed maintain the long-term peace of the ten thousand worlds. The only flaw was that it restricted the development of all living beings.

In the structure of the Heavenly Court and Underworld, they were divided into the Demon Realm, the Devil Realm, the Immortal Realm, the God Realm, the Human Realm, and so on. However, these Human Gods, Demons, Devils, and Immortals were all under the jurisdiction of the Heavenly Court. The Heavenly Court gave them good and evil merits and virtues. After they died, they had to be examined by the Underworld to evaluate their lifetime merits and demerits. If they were guilty, they would first be punished in the Underworld. Then, their memories would be erased, and they would be sent into the cycle of reincarnation. They would become the most lowly and lowly existences to suffer. This was a demonstration of fairness in rewards and punishments.

The current Imperial Court was not as good as the Heavenly Court and Underworld in this regard. Of course, the Imperial Court only ruled the Divine Region and the Four Wastelands. In the vast Heavenly Realm, as well as the countless worlds in the Space-Time Turbulence, the Imperial Court did not rule all living beings. Of course, sooner or later, the Imperial Court would bring them all under its rule. Not to mention anything else, in a short period of time, the Imperial Court could push Gu Chensha to a new height and make another breakthrough.

"Now, a large number of people are pouring into the Divine Region and the Four Wastelands. Even the original Great Burning Empire's hundreds of millions of people have entered the Wilderness. The Barbarians have been completely suppressed in a small area."

Longevity God said, "According to the latest statistics, the registered citizens of the Great Yongchō Court have exceeded three trillion." "The population has reached a trillion?"

Gu Chensha recalled that a few decades ago, the Yongchō Court only had a population of ten billion. But now, it had reached three trillion, and it was still increasing. Even a Sage couldn't manage such a huge number of people. Fortunately, there were many talents in the Imperial Court, and a Sage was nothing.

The Common People's Marshals were all at the Heavenly Longevity Realm, and some of the management were even more powerful. With a sweep of their divine sense, they could almost cover every corner of the Divine Region and the Four Wastelands.

However, the population of the entire Heavenly Realm was definitely more than this, even a hundred times more.

If all the people in the Heavenly Realm rushed over, it would be difficult for the Yongchō Court to completely control the situation.

With a large population, there would naturally be a mix of good and bad people, making it very difficult to manage.

"That's right. In the past, there was no barrier between the Four Wastelands and the Divine Region. Other places were dark, but the Four Wastelands and the Four Wastelands were bright. As such, countless people would naturally try their best to enter the Four Wastelands and the Divine Region. As long as they reach the border of the Four Wastelands, they would be able to enter and enjoy the light. But now that we have refined the Divine Region and the Four Wastelands, as well as the warships and systems left behind by the prehistoric civilization, our control over the Divine Region and the Four Wastelands has greatly increased. We feel that we can also set up a crystal barrier at the border of the Four Wastelands to prevent people from entering.

If they want to enter, they have to go through an inspection. "Lou Baiyue said," Otherwise, if countless people enter our territory, one trillion is fine, ten trillion is also fine. But if a hundred trillion, a thousand trillion, or even a hundred billion lives enter, our control will become weaker and weaker. In addition, there will be countless ambitious people adding fuel to the fire. They will first subvert our rule. "

Dou Yi Yu said, "The future Heavenly Court will be like this. No one can casually enter the Heavenly Court. The door of the Heavenly Court is the Desolate Dragon Gate. If we also do the same, there will be no difference from the future Heavenly Court.

So, let the living beings enter the Four Wilds and the Divine Prefecture. We just need to strengthen the management. "

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "The more people there are, the more training we will have for our rule. If we still follow the rules of the Heavenly Court, we won't be able to surpass the Heavenly Court. In the end, we will only become a new Heavenly Court. What meaning does that have to us?"

"Then we can only do that. Indeed, if we don't go through the test of all living beings, we won't be able to surpass the Heavenly Dao." Lou Baiyue said, "Chensha, what level of cultivation have you reached?

I feel that after you refined the system and battleship left behind by the prehistoric civilization, you seemed to have comprehended something new. "

"That's right. My cultivation is almost enough to participate in the game between the Heavenly Dao and the Emperor. My Dragonless Heart Sutra has reached the great circle, but I haven't truly surpassed the Heavenly Dao and the Emperor yet."

Gu Chensha said, "And I can't completely extract a substance with unlimited possibilities from the human heart.

There are too many things that can be extracted from the human heart. A person's ambition and imagination are limitless.

The strongest substance that my Dragonless Heart Sutra can extract from the human heart is called Dragon Rune Essence. "

As he spoke, a Dragon Rune that far surpassed the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman appeared above Gu Chensha's head. This Dragon Rune was formed by countless specks of light.

These specks of light were the substance that Gu Chensha extracted from the human heart. They were called Dragon Rune Essence. This essence was a substance that surpassed the Heavenly Dao. However, this essence did not surpass the power of the Heavenly Dao by much. Moreover, the Heavenly Dao was also improving.

In the future, Gu Chensha's enemy would not be the Heavenly Dao, but the variable formed by the fusion of the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian. In that case, his Dragon Rune Essence would pale in comparison.