Chapter 778
===========

"Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, almost took control of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. My orthodoxy would've fallen into his hands. Fortunately, he went to fight the Celestial Pacification Department and lost his core. That's how we escaped. Otherwise, we would've been under his control for all eternity," said Xuan Xin.

"Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, is truly terrifying.

In the face of his tyrannical power, we old-timers have no choice but to band together. If we don't, we won't be a match for him. If we join forces, we can exchange daoist magics, and even create a consummate art that transcends time itself.

The forefather's tone was very sincere. "Everyone, let's put aside our past grievances before the arrival of the new age.

Together, we will wait for the arrival of a brand new future. The future is not something we can imagine, nor is it something we can calculate. In this kind of situation, if we don't stick together, we will suffer a calamity.

If we work together, we can refine any treasure and offer sacrifices to any existence. That existence will evolve to a terrifying level. " "That's true. If we offer sacrifices together, we can revive a dead sage." Wan Senshi nodded.

The people here were all at the Heaven Longevity Realm and possessed great destiny. They stood at the pinnacle of countless universes and dimensions. Gods and Saints were nothing more than ants in front of them. Any one of them could kill a large group of gods with the flick of a finger.

If they gathered together and offered sacrifices to a single object, who knew what would happen to it?

"A little more," said the forefather.

"Xuan Xin is the reincarnation of the Unbounded Heart, which is the most important existence of the thirty-six treasures. We're doing our best to nurture him so that he can unleash his greatest power. That way, he'll be able to attract many of the treasures. Even the Celestial Pacification Department's reincarnations will be able to counter them.

The Unbounded Heart's greatest power is to influence the core of the treasures. At the same time, if the Unbounded Heart can unleash its full power, it'll be able to counter Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha's power of the sun and moon. That's why Gu Tiansha revived Xuan Xin so quickly and took control of him.

"At the end of the day, are you still the one who wants us to groom you?"

The Immortal Master laughed. "Isn't your wishful thinking a little too good? Patriarch Heaven and Earth, our alliance is an alliance, but if you want to take advantage of me, you can forget about it." "That's absolutely not the case."

Patriarch Heaven and Earth waved his hand. "Xuan Xin can directly acknowledge you as his master and swear that he will never betray you.

In short, the Mystic Heart doesn't just belong to the Black Heaven Earth Sect, it also belongs to the common property of our alliance.

In fact, everyone knew that, in addition to the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises, Fang Lin, Wen Hong, and Gu Chensha also had the Endless Umbrella.

In other words, the Tranquil Immortal Department has obtained a total of 14 Endless Treasures. As time passes, the might of the Endless Treasures will truly be unleashed. At that time, we will be even more unable to suppress them. Therefore, our alliance must obtain other Endless Treasures.

Right now, there are twenty-two inexhaustible treasures left in this world. If we want to get all of them, Xuan Xin can even give up his Inexhaustible Heart and divide it into nine parts. All of us here can imprint our will onto it and gain control of one part of it. In this way, we'll be forging a magical treasure together. What do you think? " "That's doable."

The three Heavenly Venerables exchanged glances, and looks of approval appeared on their faces. "So many of us have created an alliance, and indeed, we need to forge a treasure together. The best material to forge a treasure is none other than the most mysterious of the 36 Endless Treasures, the Endless Heart. Even the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth cannot compare to this Endless Heart."

The three Heavenly Venerables naturally wanted to know the secret of the Inexhaustible Heart. Now that they were given one-third of the control for free, they naturally agreed to it.

The three Heavenly Venerables each obtained one-ninth of the control, which was one-third in total. Naturally, they had a huge advantage. However, they knew that Patriarch Heaven and Earth was using the control as bait to get them to help Xuan Xin cultivate.

Nevertheless, the three Heavenly Venerables believed that they could control the situation and obtain the Inexhaustible Heart.

With the Inexhaustible Heart, they could use its power to obtain more power and authority from the Hong Meng Tree. Their control over the Hong Meng Tree was actually very weak at the moment, and they were still a long way from obtaining the entire tree.

At most, they were a few parasites on the towering tree. Even now, they were nothing compared to the Hong Meng Tree. However, at least they had successfully parasitized the tree, so they had a chance to contend against old antiques like Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master. They had also raised their cultivation to the Heavenly Life Realm.

"I agree. There's no time to lose. Let's make an oath right now and forge the Inexhaustible Heart together."

Wu Dangkong was the weakest among the old antiques, but she had the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, so no one could underestimate her. After all, the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman was a treasure on par with the Hong Meng Tree.

Moreover, Wu Dangkong carried it around with her, so she could use much more power than the three Heavenly Venerables could use the Hong Meng Tree.

The three Heavenly Venerables were insignificant parasites to the Hong Meng Tree. They didn't have the ability to carry the tree around with them. Therefore, Wu Dangkong had the right to take a slice of the pie.

There were nine people present: the Immortal Master, Wan Senshi, and the three Heavenly Venerables. That made five. The Dharma Saint, Wu Dangkong, and seven. Including Patriarch Heaven and Earth and Xuan Xin, there were nine in total.

That was why Patriarch Heaven and Earth had divided the Inexhaustible Heart into nine parts, and each of the old antiques had control over one.

That was the equivalent of taking out the Inexhaustible Heart to refine into a magical treasure. The treasure would use the Inexhaustible Heart as its foundation, and then be mixed with all sorts of divination methods. It would definitely be able to shake heaven and earth and suppress all living things.

"I'll offer up my Inexhaustible Heart and share it with you all."

Xuan Xin didn't hold back at all. She opened her mouth and spat out a ball of red light, almost as if she were ejecting her own heart.

A fiery red heart appeared, dancing with flames. As soon as it appeared, it shocked everyone present.

Countless flames flew continuously, and then transformed into the strongest true meaning of the Heaven Realm, giving everyone an immense pressure. Everyone, including the Immortal Master and Immortal Teacher Wan, felt that this heart far surpassed their own intrinsic quality.

"Amazing. As expected of the Inexhaustible Heart, the most mysterious of the Inexhaustible Thirty-Six Treasures. Even the strongest Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd formed from the Hong Meng Tree can't compare." The three Heavenly Venerables murmured.

"Everyone, let us stay here and learn from each other. We will communicate with each other and research dao techniques. We will be open and honest. Our cultivation levels will improve greatly."

Patriarch Heaven and Earth said, "After that, our minds and consciousnesses will communicate, and we'll brew an earth-shattering technique to refine a magical treasure that can suppress all ages."

"If that's the case, let's begin." The Immortal Master was very interested. She wanted to study the Inexhaustible Heart. Rumble! The nine streams of energy entered the Inexhaustible Heart, and it began to transform. The largest alliance in history was born.

At the same time, in the depths of the Inexhaustible Space-Time, Xing Qiongshi entered a secret space-time dimension. No one could find him, and no one could divine his whereabouts. This was a concealment technique that he condensed with all of his will and cultivation base. He turned into the Divine Land Gourd and enveloped all of Gu Chensha's vital qi.

In the end, he stopped in this secret space-time dimension. There were twisted turbulence all around him, and any wrong step would cause him to be lost in the depths of space-time.

"Hahahaha …" Xing Qiongshi laughed out loud. "Gu Chensha, you suffered a joint attack from the three Heavenly Venerables, the Immortal Master, and Wan Senshi. Your vital qi was greatly injured, and I saved you. You should repay me this time. I think I should refine ninety-nine percent of your essence first. I won't kill you, don't worry. "

Inside the Divine Land Gourd, Gu Chensha's vital qi seemed to have settled down, and there was no sound at all.

"You should be able to hear and resist," Xing Qiongshi's will said doubtfully. "You don't think that I can't refine you, do you?"

"Xing Qiongshi, I taught you the Divine Land Grand Magic, and we formed an alliance to fight against the three Heavenly Venerables. But now you want to refine me? That doesn't seem to be the path of benevolence and righteousness. "Gu Chensha finally spoke.

"The path of benevolence and righteousness? I am the Divine Land's number one fiend. Also, I sacrificed a dimensional realm that I created with great difficulty to self-destruct to save you. If you pay a price for that, won't I suffer a great loss? Don't you want to repay me for saving your life? "

As Xing Qiongshi spoke, the Divine Land Gourd began to condense, and the sound of boiling magma could be heard from it. It was using a huge amount of power to refine Gu Chensha.

Xing Qiongshi knew that as long as he refined Gu Chensha, he would definitely be able to break through to the Divine Origin stage.

"Is that so?"

Gu Chensha's voice suddenly rang out from within the gourd. "Xing Qiongshi, do you really think that old fogies like Wan Senshi, the immortal master, and the three Heavenly Venerables can hurt me?

I knew that working with you was like asking a tiger for its skin. You would seize the opportunity to refine me, so I had no choice but to do the exact opposite. I had to lure you into my trap and refine your entire body into a Divine Land Gourd. That way, I would be able to accomplish what I couldn't accomplish in the dream world. In the dream world, I only refined your head into a Divine Land Gourd. Now that I've captured your true body, the Divine Land Gourd will definitely become the number one treasure!

The Divine Land's number one fiend, the creator of the Divine Land Grand Magic. There is no better material to refine a Divine Land Gourd. "