Chapter 765
===========

Gu Chensha had once felt that the World Tree and the Common People's Wish sphere were too large, causing them to become the targets of his enemies. Thus, he had an idea to condense the World Tree into a small sapling, allowing many worlds to hang on it as a fruit. After shrinking, it could be carried around.

In this way, not only would its power increase by many times, but it would also make it impossible for enemies to attack. Think about it, a dimensional realm compressed into a fruit the size of a fist would have an almost infinite defense. It would be impossible for anyone to sneak inside.

Unfortunately, at that time, the Calm Immortal Department did not have a true master overseeing it, so it was impossible to realize Gu Chensha's idea. But now, things were different. Gu Chensha had cultivated to the God Realm, and his ability to use world power was something even Heavenly Longevity Realm experts could not compare to, much less Empyrean experts.

With just a slight movement, the boundless power of the Divine Prefecture would gather on his body, transforming the world. This was equivalent to having a majestic power that surpassed the Sun-Moon Lord.

The Sun-Moon Lord Gu Chensha used the power of the Sun-Moon Major Thousand, while he used the power of the Divine Prefecture. The power of the Divine Prefecture surpassed the power of the Sun-Moon Major Thousand.

In terms of quality, the power of the Sun-Moon Major Thousand was inferior to the power of the Divine Prefecture.

However, Gu Chensha had not yet completely mastered the 100th level of the Divine Prefecture Grand Art, the realm of Divine Prefecture Unity.

If he succeeded, the Divine Prefecture would be him, and he would be the Divine Prefecture. At that time, he would be able to surpass the Desolate Dragon Gate, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, and even the Grandmist Tree, reaching a different realm. Currently, Gu Chensha could only borrow a portion of the Divine Prefecture's power.

If he wanted to completely merge with the Divine Prefecture, he would have to cultivate to the Empyrean realm before he could do so.

However, even if he advanced to the God Realm now, it would still be more than enough to kill the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Chensha.

Now, Gu Chensha was not only using his own power. The World Tree had been refined into the Little Grandmist Tree, and all sorts of dimensional realms were suspended within it. With a single brush, it contained so much world power that was finally mixed together to form the 'Little Grandmist Energy'. The killing power of this origin energy was not small. Bang! It was as if the sun and moon had exploded.

Deep in the turbulence of time and space, the tremendous power of the Sun and Moon went berserk. Countless bright lights of the sun and the moon shot out in all directions. This was the strange scene caused by Gu Chensha, the Master of Sun and Moon, when he whipped the sapling.

The Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha's body seemed to be completely formed from the power of the sun and moon. In essence, he was already a "body of the universe". This kind of body was indestructible and indestructible. Who could defeat the glorious heavenly might of the sun and moon? However, in this moment, Gu Chensha had broken through him, found his true nature, and absorbed it. The outer shell of the Sun Moon Great Thousand was broken, revealing Gu Tiansha's true body.

His true body was very strange. It was not a body of flesh and blood, but was formed by two twisting rivers of airflow. One of the airflow seemed to connect the past, present, and future, and vaguely contained the matchless divine might of the Heavenly Dao.

The other stream of air suppressed fate and destroyed everything. It didn't belong to the jurisdiction of the Heavenly Dao at all.

"The aura of the Heavenly Dao and Royal Father."

With a single glance, Gu Chensha completely understood what these two streams of air were. One was the will of the origin of the Heavenly Dao, and the other was the origin of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, Gu Taxian.

In other words, the Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha didn't lie. He said that he was something born from the conflict between the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the Heavenly Dao. This was the truth.

This freak wasn't under the control of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, nor was he under the control of the Heavenly Dao.

"As expected, he's a freak.

Fortunately, he hasn't fully matured yet, he hasn't fully comprehended the origin of Royal Father and the Heavenly Dao. Otherwise, I'm afraid I wouldn't be his match.

Fortunately, the two origin energies in his body are mutually restricting each other, causing his body to be flawed and unable to unleash its full potential. But as long as he devours me, he can borrow the origin energy of my Heavenly Dao Art to destabilize the two energies in his body and fuse them together. This is because my Heavenly Dao Art is also a transformation of Royal Father's bloodline.

However, as long as I can obtain the Origin within his body, these two streams of Qi will allow my cultivation base to skyrocket. This is a priceless treasure trove. " Gu Chensha finally understood what the Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha was.

To him, the Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha was the best nourishment. Nothing could compare to it. Even the Desolate Dragon Gate or the Grandmist Tree couldn't compare to the benefits of absorbing the Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha.

"Absorb!"

Gu Chensha took the initiative and infused the Grandmist Tree with his supreme will. When it descended, it actually brushed a head-sized ball of origin energy from the Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha's body.

"AH!" At this time, the Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha had just woken up.

He had also been sucked into the Heavenly Realm's dream world, replacing Gu Chensha. But in just a breath's time, he had broken free from the Heavenly Realm's will and woken up. After all, he was much stronger than Gu Chensha, who had yet to ascend to the God realm. Therefore, he was able to quickly break free. But it was too late.

Gu Chensha had already gained the upper hand. First, he had cultivated to the God realm and completely refined the World Tree into the Grandmist Tree. Both his aura and cultivation had reached a new peak.

Moreover, Gu Chensha had destroyed the outer shell formed by the power of the Sun and Moon, and with another brush, the ball of origin energy on his body had been brushed off. The head-sized ball of origin energy was still two balls of air revolving around each other.

This ball of origin energy was extremely precious. Gu Chensha hurriedly moved. His body surged with the power of the Divine Prefecture, enveloping this ball of origin energy and sending it into the Little Grandmist Tree. He would refine it later.

"This Gu Tiansha is so tough and immovable. I used all my strength to brush this ball of origin energy off his body. It's about one-tenth of it."

Gu Chensha moved again and began his third brush. He wanted to brush more origin energy. It must be known that even if it was just a head-sized ball of origin energy, his cultivation would probably rise to a truly terrifying level if he were to devour and refine it. The intrinsic quality of his body would not be affected by the battle between the Heavenly Dao and the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. In fact, it would even have a hint of indestructibility.

If he could obtain more of the Gu Tiansha's origin energy, he would have no problem directly cultivating to the Heavenly Venerate level.

A freak like the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha had never appeared since ancient times. Only after breaking his outer shell did Gu Chensha realize how terrifying he was.

However, just as he began his third brush, the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha regained his senses. He didn't need any time. The power of the Sun Moon Great Thousand condensed on his body once again. He turned into a dazzling ray of light and disappeared from this place.

When he left, his body shrank a little. This was obviously caused by losing one-tenth of his origin energy. This time, he had failed to devour Gu Chensha. Instead, one-tenth of his origin energy had been snatched away by Gu Chensha. It could be said that he had suffered a huge loss.

Seeing Gu Tiansha leave, Gu Chensha didn't chase after him immediately. He knew that even if he chased after him, he wouldn't be able to catch up. Even though he had cultivated to the God level, he didn't have the ability to kill an existence of this level. Moreover, he had already brushed away one-tenth of the origin energy. He had to quickly refine and devour it to increase his strength. If he chased after him again, he might not be able to suppress the one-tenth of the origin energy in battle and could escape.

Once he refined it, his cultivation base would increase explosively. The next time he faced Gu Tiansha, he would have a huge advantage. If this continued, Gu Tiansha would be at a complete disadvantage.

Immediately, he moved his body and summoned the 'Little Hongmeng Tree' above his head. It spun continuously and sprinkled down strands of Hongmeng Qi, which wrapped around him. Then, he took out an egg-sized ball of origin energy from the head-sized origin energy and started to fuse it into his body. Rumble!

The moment the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha's origin energy fused into his body, a huge chain reaction occurred in his body. A large amount of aura in his body intertwined with the origin energy like rivers flowing into the sea. It immediately broke the balance of the origin energy and strengthened the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's power in the origin energy.

"How comfortable …"

Gu Chensha felt incredibly comfortable. His cultivation rose rapidly, and in an instant, he reached the 31st Transformation of the Dao Realm, Void Creation Realm.

After reaching the God level, Gu Chensha's cultivation increased even more slowly. In fact, he might not be able to increase his cultivation at all. This was because every time he increased, he would be waging war against the Heavenly Dao and his will would face unimaginable tribulations.

As such, even if he had another 100 years, he wouldn't be able to reach the 31st Transformation of the Dao Realm, Void Creation Realm. However, after devouring the egg-sized ball of origin energy, he directly broke through. Just how strong was the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha's origin body?

"Devour it all."

By now, Gu Chensha had already understood the characteristics and strength of the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha's origin energy. He thought for a while and absorbed the rest of the origin energy into his body and started to refine it.

Immediately, the aura on his body became stronger and stronger, and large areas of space-time turbulence were trembling. Wherever his aura reached, the space-time turbulence would retreat, turning into a country of vacuum. Apart from that, even the overwhelming cosmic tides seemed to be afraid of him, not daring to come into contact with his aura and surged away from him.

"What do we do now?"

Wan Senshi's voice was trembling, "Who would have thought that this kid would get through the tribulation in the blink of an eye and become even stronger? He even defeated Gu Tiansha and obtained the origin energy from him. Now, he is refining the origin energy. Even if we work together, we probably won't be able to suppress him. What should we do? "

"If he had only cultivated to the God level, he wouldn't be so terrifying. However, he obtained the origin energy of the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha and is refining it into his body. That's truly terrifying. We can't do anything now. We can only wait and see. "The Celestial Master seemed helpless. .....