Chapter 558
===========

"Very good. I, Xing Qianxiong, am starting to get angry. As long as he keeps pouring in energy, it'll be like he's helping me condense the Tree of Wishes. Then, I'll use a secret technique to become a parasite inside his body and snatch away all of his world energy." Gu Chensha already had a plan in mind. The Wish Tree wasn't a simple existence.

The heaven-demon tree had been able to absorb all vital energy, plunder everything, and even suck the interior of the sphere dry. That sphere had been a microscopic world. In other words, the heaven-demon tree had the ability to absorb microscopic worlds.

The Wish Tree was an evolved version of the heaven-demon tree. Although it looked gentle and gentle, if it used its plundering power, it could completely absorb the entire god's capital.

Back then, Gu Chensha hadn't even cultivated his own magical power, much less the Heaven-Dao Magic. But now, things were different. With the power of the Heaven-Dao Magic and the chiliocosm, he could absorb Xing Qianxiong's power like a fish in water. Xing Qianxiong was completely bewildered, trying to think of a way to deal with the bloodline seed.

As far as he was concerned, the bloodline seed was miraculous, but it was also an opportunity. If he could take it himself, then he wouldn't need to raise a minor variable like Jiang Qi.

To him, Jiang Qi's Lord of Seven Stars blood was nothing more than a pawn. Now that a pawn had appeared, he had no choice but to give it up.

"Divine Continent Refinement Magic."

Xing Qianxiong spat out another mouthful of vital energy, which transformed into a fine thread that poured into the bloodline seed in Jiang Qi's dantian region. But without a doubt, it was absorbed by the seed.

"Hmm?"

Xing Qianxiong continued to probe, pouring in vital energy over a hundred times. Suddenly, the bloodline seed seemed to be saturated, and didn't absorb the last bit of vital energy. "This bloodline seed really is mediocre. How can it resist my pull?"

Xing Qianxiong pondered for a moment, trying to come up with a way to extract it. But then, the bloodline seed began to wriggle and absorb more vital energy. This was all Gu Chensha's stalling tactics. He was pretending to be weak in order to play Xing Qianxiong in the palm of his hand. After all, Xing Qianxiong was just a suit of armor. He was different from a human.

From the time a person was at their weakest, with every step they took in their cultivation, they would have to comprehend the Heavenly Dao, circulate their wisdom, see the vicissitudes of the world, and comprehend the changes in the mortal world. As for Xing Qianxiong, he had been directly forged by Xing Qiongshi to become a Divine level expert. The various experiences below the Divine level basically did not have any unforgettable experiences. Therefore, in a battle of wits at a critical moment, how could he win against Gu Chensha?

"This Jiang Gongwang's bloodline is really troublesome. I want to see how much of my Origin Energy he can absorb.

Do you really think a mere Bloodline Seed can overturn the heavens? "Xing Qian Xiong's eyes were filled with ferocity. He pointed with his finger, activating his own World Force.

However, this bloodline seed seemed to be able to devour all things. When the world energy entered it, it was like a clay ox entering the sea, vanishing without a trace.

"He can even devour the Power of the World?" Xing Qianxiong wanted to slap Jiang Qi to death.

It was not that Jiang Qi's physical body was weak. He had already activated a destructive spell. He did not believe that this bloodline seed could withstand it. After thinking about it, he decided to endure it.

Next, he activated dozens of spells to deal with this bloodline seed. He wanted to see what exactly it was.

However, all of them were useless. Any spell would be absorbed, including curses. He had never seen such a strange thing before.

At this moment, Xing Qianxiong knew nothing about Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha had even learned his Divine Continent Great Technique. In this battle, he was already at a disadvantage.

Furthermore, Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Art was extremely bewildering, and the ability of the Small Chiliocosm of the Sphere of the Common People's Wish was far above Xing Qianxiong's. Moreover, when Xing Qianxiong was swallowing the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, Gu Chensha had set up a restrictive spell. With all these arrangements, it was time to reap the harvest.

"Divine Continent Purgatory."

Xing Qianxiong activated another secret technique. He opened his mouth and a ball of Power of the World took the form of the Divine Continent. However, the Divine Continent had already turned into a purgatory. There were seas of fire and wails everywhere. This technique was extremely powerful. He had not dared to use it, afraid that it would damage Jiang Qi's physical body. However, after refining it repeatedly, he had expended a lot of his Yuan Qi. He still could not find out what this bloodline seed was.

"Good fella, Xing Qianxiong seems to be showing his prowess. He can even use the Divine Continent Purgatory."

Seeing this, Gu Chensha was overjoyed. He suddenly activated the Divine Continent Great Technique. In the sphere, the Tree of Hope shone rapidly. Its power merged with the bloodline seed. All of a sudden, a dense number of tentacles appeared, wrapping around the Divine Continent Purgatory and swallowing it.

The Tree of Hope swallowed this nourishing thing in one gulp. In the sphere, branches and leaves kept growing. The God of Hope on it grew a little. Its eyes pierced through space and time. It breathed in and out, producing Power of the World.

"Excellent."

Zhuge Ya said. "Your Highness, in a battle of wits and courage, you have bewitched Xing Qianxiong and absorbed his Power of the World and Power of the World to replenish the Tree of Hope. If Xing Qianxiong is completely absorbed, the God of Hope on the Tree of Hope will condense into a physical form. At that time, not only will we have a Deity level expert in our sphere, we will also be able to summon the World Burial Coffin."

When Gu Chensha heard Xing Qianxiong's words, he knew that Xing Qiongshi had failed to fully activate the Divine Continent Great Technique. He had been suppressed by the power left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign and was currently recuperating. He had no time to deal with this. He could use this opportunity to suppress Xing Qianxiong.

Moreover, if he fought with Xing Qianxiong head-on, the battle in the Devil Domain would be earth-shattering. At that time, Xing Qianxiong might be able to escape. Another possibility was that he would alert the powerful existences in the Devil Domain, allowing them to take advantage of him.

But things were different now. Xing Qianxiong took the bait step by step. By the time he woke up, it would already be too late.

"Even the Divine Continent's Purgatory has been devoured?

The power of the bloodline seed seems to be getting stronger and stronger? "Xing Qianxiong suddenly grabbed out." Since that's the case, I can't care about Jiang Qi anymore. "

"Lord Qianxiong, what are you doing?" Jiang Qi's heart was filled with fear. Seeing Xing Qianxiong grabbing onto him, he couldn't help but scream.

"Don't worry, the bloodline seed in your body is a hidden danger. I'm going to use my strongest technique to help you eliminate it, lest it spoils our plans."

After Xing Qianxiong grabbed onto Jiang Qi, his body started to wriggle, transforming into a world of dust. The Divine Continent Devil Sealing Lantern also entered the world of dust. He used his own world of dust to envelop Jiang Qi.

"World Overturning, Divine Continent Shattering."

Xing Qianxiong activated his true power. "This bloodline seed is actually so powerful. But since it was born in this brat's body, it seems like it wants to protect him. I'll do the opposite and destroy this brat. Let's see if his bloodline seed can protect him."

Once Jiang Qi was sucked into the world of dust, boundless world energy immediately turned into flames and burned him.

Even though Xing Qian Xiong was furious, he didn't use all of his power. He only used one-tenth of his power. He still had some misgivings. If Jiang Qi was completely destroyed, then all of his plans would fail. He would definitely be punished by his ancestor, the Xing Qiong Clan. He might even be refined into another armor and get rid of his original spirit. The surging world flames wrapped around Jiang Qi's body, causing him to be in a state of melting.

But right at this moment, the bloodline seed spread throughout his entire body and actually absorbed the flames formed from the power of the world.

"Very good."

Xing Qian Xiong frowned, "Logically speaking, this bloodline seed should not have been able to absorb so much energy. In my world, all the spatial passageways have been sealed, so it is impossible to transfer the energy. I don't believe that this bloodline seed will not reveal its true form." He increased the power of the refinement once again. He used two-tenth of his strength. But it was still absorbed.

After refining for a full six to eight hours, Xing Qianxiong's clones that had gone out had all returned. He focused all of his strength on refining, but he only felt that no matter how much he refined, there was no effect. Apart from that, a lot of his world energy was being absorbed.

And in the depths of the sphere of the Common People's Wish, the God of Wishes became clearer and larger. Gradually, the aura of a god appeared. This was the God realm. It wasn't just an embryonic form, but a mature divine body.

In fact, some of the tentacles of the Tree of Wishes secretly penetrated into the crystal walls of Xing Qianxiong's own world of dust through Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Technique. They were beginning to control the essence of this world. The minor chiliocosm had a huge suppressive force against the minor dust world.

At this time, Gu Chensha had already slowly led Xing Qianxiong into the abyss of depravity. From the moment Xing Qianxiong activated his world of dust to envelop Jiang Qi, Gu Chensha's plan had already been realized.

Gu Chensha wanted to enter Xing Qianxiong's own world of dust. Only then would he be able to bloom from within.

The core of a God realm expert was their own world of dust. It was the strongest, but also the weakest. Xing Qianxiong's initiative to envelop Jiang Qi and enter it to refine was an act of inviting a wolf into the house.

Gu Chensha used Jiang Qi's body to allow Xing Qianxiong to refine for six to eight hours. Not only did he absorb a lot of Xing Qianxiong's world energy, he also completed the layout of the Tree of Wishes.

The Tree of Wishes borrowed the power of the minor chiliocosm to use its roots and tentacles to permeate into this world of dust.

Indeed, after six to eight hours of refinement, Xing Qianxiong suddenly felt that something was wrong. His world energy was depleting rapidly, to the point where he couldn't even control it. As his will revolved, even his life's world of dust became very obscure.