Chapter 441
===========

"If becoming a Divergent was that easy, I would've become one long ago."

Dou Nineteen laughed inwardly at Jing Qiu's arrogance. "Jing Qiu, do you know that the three Celestial Sovereigns have Saints and Gods as their subordinates, but not a single Divergent? Could it be that you're even stronger than my senior brothers?" "The path of Divergents lies in the mortal world, in the Central Plains."

Jing Qiu looked at Dou Nineteen. "You still don't understand this. Ever since you were born, you've only interacted with flying existences that can pierce through space and time. You've never interacted with the insignificant commoners. In order to survive, they toil all day, their lives fleeting like ants. Yet the true meaning of life lies within them. The mysteries of life are often hidden within the lowliest of existences. Lowly existences are not meaningless, or they wouldn't have been born. " "I've heard this logic many times."

Dou Nineteen waved his hand. "It seems you've comprehended something, but that can wait until you become a Divergent. I've come here today to work with you to deal with the Calming Immortal Department." "The Calming Immortal Department is already established. They won't be that easy to deal with."

Jing Qiu looked around. "Although I've been wholeheartedly building up the Sama Empire, I also have clones hidden within the immortal dao and know a lot of information. According to what I know, the Calming Immortal Department has recently clashed with the Simians. They actually plotted against the three Gods, the Thousand Transformations Stone Ape, the Yin-Yang Ghost Ape, and the Adamantine Fighting Ape.

They took away the Simians' most important Myriad Demon Human Transformation Painting. Since ancient times, the Simians have relied on this painting to gain intelligence, allowing the new generation of their race to far surpass the other Daemons. But without this painting, they'll probably gradually decline.

And the Calming Immortal Department's Heavenly Demon Tree has fused with this painting. In the future, it might even surpass the Heavenly Demon Tree refined by many Daemons throughout history. " "If the Calming Immortal Department was so easy to deal with, why would I come looking for you?"

Dou Nineteen gritted his teeth in hatred when he thought about how he'd lost the Imperial Gourd and 360 Emperors' Heavenly Weapons. In addition, he'd also lost his life-saving talisman and a life-saving jade pendant. The talisman and jade pendant were both treasures that could block a single blow from a God. Even he felt pained by such a loss.

It was especially so for the Imperial Gourd and the Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldier. They were extremely rare and difficult to refine. It could be said that even the puppets of the Black Heaven and Earth Sect were not as powerful. Every Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldier was an expert of the 22 transformations of the Heavenly Law Phenomenon of the Vajra Art quality.

In the Mystic Immortal Dao Sects, experts at the 22 Transformations of Dao Realm, Manifestations of Heaven and Earth, were definitely the kind of grand elders who could dominate a region and become the leader of a faction in the sect. As for puppets, it was very difficult to create such a level. Unless one obtained some heavenly treasures and spent hundreds or even thousands of years of hard work, a god-level expert would slowly create one, such as the Celestial Soldier of the Sacred Dragon.

However, even the Sacred Dragon Celestial Weapon was far inferior to a Great Emperor's Celestial Weapon.

For example, the Divine General of Life that Gu Chensha had refined was originally a Celestial Soldier of the Sacred Dragon Celestial Weapon. Later, the Divine General of Life was absorbed by the Heavenly Demon Tree, and he had to refine it again. That was the jade stone that sealed the Xingqiong Clan. This jade stone was jointly refined by many ancient emperors and three Heavenly Venerables. In terms of materials, it was rare in the world.

Even so, this material was stained with the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, which allowed it to transform into magic power. This was also the quality of the Vajra Art. From this, one could see how powerful the materials used to refine these puppets were.

Not to mention, the Imperial Gourd that nurtured the Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldier itself was also a unique treasure. Who knew how much emperor's energy had been fused into it, and it was second only to the emperor's energy.

Every time he thought about losing these Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers, Dou Nineteen felt his heart ache. It was like a piece of flesh had been cut off from his body.

Therefore, he had to incite people to resist the Calming Immortal Department and take back the Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldier and Imperial Gourd. With his current strength, he couldn't resist the Calming Immortal Department.

Moreover, the Calming Immortal Department had Zhuge Ya, who seemed to have everything planned out. Many of Dou Nineteen's methods, such as concealment, infiltration, and subversion, were useless against the Calming Immortal Department.

In the past, he had relied on the ability of the Transformation Fruit to stir up huge waves in the Profound Gate of the Immortal Dao. Although he hadn't succeeded, he had stirred up a storm.

"The Calming Immortal Department has great fortune, and we can't plot against it right now. Just look at the Ape race. The Yin-Yang Ghost Apes are more intelligent than us, and the three Divine Apes are also stronger than us. They even have Li Wanlong supporting them, but they still suffered a crushing defeat."

Jing Qiu said, "I've already acted once, and I was suppressed. I suffered heavy losses, and now I have to leave the Central Divine Prefecture to rest and recuperate. But if you want to deal with the Calming Immortal Department, I can help you, but you have to give me enough in return." "What kind of return?" Dou Nineteen asked.

"I know that you have many treasures on you, including the Imperial Dao Gourd and the Emperor's Heavenly Weapon. They are excellent tools for construction. I'm establishing a desert empire, and I need to build a large number of cities, as well as a large number of people. It's too slow to rely on my own power, so I need the Emperor's Heavenly Weapon to help me go deeper into the desert and capture more aboriginals. At the same time, I can build oases in the desert. What do you say?" Jing Qiu was completely focused on building his empire, and he seemed to sense some sort of benefit.

Gu Chensha, who was hiding outside, felt like the faith of the entire empire was pouring into him, giving him immense power. That was why Jing Qiu's cultivation had progressed so quickly.

"You've already reached the peak of All Magics Return to One. You can create many incarnations, and you can do the same thing."

Dou Nineteen naturally wouldn't say that he had been preparing a sacrifice in the Demon realm, but that he had been tricked by the Calming Immortal Department, and had suffered a crushing defeat, losing the Imperial Dao Gourd and the Emperor's Heavenly Weapon. If he told Jing Qiu about this, he would feel completely useless.

"First, I need to focus all my energy on the Twenty-Seven Transformations of Seamless Space. I can't afford to be distracted, and I need to focus all my energy. If I create an incarnation, I won't be able to successfully understand the secrets of space.

Second, I need to build an oasis in the desert, and I need to constantly maintain it, respond to the prayers of the people, pray for rain, judge, punish, and issue oracles. I need puppets to help me with this.

Once the empire expands, even if I have ten million incarnations, I'll still be exhausted. That's why I need to create puppets and turn them into divine emissaries to run the empire and the religion. "Jing Qiu looked deeply at Dou Nineteen and said something else.

"Dou Nineteen, I know you understand this too. Your Emperor's Gourd of Imperial Dao has collected an endless amount of Emperor's Qi. In fact, it infiltrated the various great sects of the immortal dao and absorbed the Emperor's Qi from the mortal kingdoms the immortal dao sects created. In the end, it was infused into the Emperor's Heavenly Weapon and bestowed with its intelligence. Puppets are easy to refine, but intelligence is difficult to create.

The true power of a puppet lay not in its strength, but in its wisdom. Similarly, the manifestation of its wisdom lay not in its cultivation speed, but in its ability to maintain order.

The ability to unite the weak and create greater value is the true core of a puppet. Perhaps when that happens, the puppet will no longer be a puppet, but a guardian of order.

Dou Nineteen, there's a mistake in the core of the Emperor's Heavenly Weapon you're refining. If you refine it with me now, I'm absolutely confident that I'll be able to reverse the mistake, "Jing Qiu said.

"I'd like to hear the details." Dou Nineteen's expression grew more and more serious. He knew that what Jing Qiu said was the truth.

At the same time, Gu Chensha was also secretly shocked. His dao of nature had allowed Jing Qiu to comprehend the truth of the great dao.

"The order of the world is maintained and managed by layers of superiors, or officials. It's the same for the immortal dao.

It's best for all officials to be impartial and selfless, and to reward and punish in accordance with the rules. However, all officials have their own selfish motives, even gods and saints. "

Jing Qiu said, "That's why there's all sorts of chaos. Puppets are completely mechanical and selfless, but their intelligence can't compare to that of selfish beings. In the era of Martial Emperors, they also wanted to use puppets to replace officials.

However, they failed. On one hand, puppets aren't intelligent enough, and on the other, they infringed on the interests of many bureaucrats and superiors.

In the end, they fell short of success. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor also wanted to develop a judge magistrate, but he didn't use it in the end. " "So you're saying that you'll help me refine the Emperor's Heavenly Weapon?" Dou Nineteen asked.

"Of course. I'll let the Emperor's Heavenly Weapon manage my Sama Holy Empire, and we'll make it stronger together. We'll turn this desert into another Central Plains Divine Prefecture, and the power of order in the world will acknowledge us. They'll believe that we can maintain order amidst the chaos. When that happens, our achievements will be far greater than this," Jing Qiu said. "It's only a matter of time before we deal with the Celestial Calmness Department." "I'll have to think about this carefully."

Dou Nineteen felt like his plans had been disrupted yet again. Jing Qiu's cultivation base was terrifying, and he had comprehended some sort of supreme principle, as well as many hidden tricks up his sleeve. Furthermore, Jing Qiu was someone who had struck a deal with the three celestials.

As for what the deal was, Dou Nineteen had no idea. Although he was a member of one of the three celestials, and the son of a celestial, he hadn't reached the god level yet. There were many secrets that he didn't know about.

"Since that's the case, why don't you stay in the Sama Empire as a guest for a while?

I can already tell that you have the aura of the Arch-Star on your body. Clearly, you took this star by force. Unfortunately, it's difficult to refine. I can help you with that. "The emperor's aura of a violet star appeared between Jing Qiu's eyebrows.