Chapter 1129
============

Change With Each Passing Day Chapter 1124: Change With Each Passing Day Chapter 1124: Change With Each Passing Day

"This time around, Lou Baiyue and the others did well. To think that they would make use of the discord between Zhou Qin, Wang Zao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li to launch a brazen attack. Under their pressure, they managed to break through to 100 billion years of lifespan. With that, their strength can be said to be at the forefront, and they won't be eliminated."

Gu Chensha was in a secret place in the multivariate universe. He could see all of these battles vividly in his mind, and he nodded his head in approval.

This time around, Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, Zhuge Ya, Chang Weiyang, and the other Martial Sages had all broken through to 100 billion years of lifespan, and their strength had increased tremendously. More importantly, they had found the spirit and method to forge ahead, and would not fall behind.

In the multivariate universe, falling behind was a very frightening thing. In the past, the three great Celestial Lords had reigned supreme over the Endless Mainland. In the past, the Immortal Lord, Wan Senshi, had also been incomparably domineering and invincible. But where had they gone to now?

In the era of the multivariate universe, there had been many Ancestors, such as the Confucianism Ancestor, the Ancestor of Justice, and some others, the Destiny Ancestor. All of them had been extremely famous, but they had all disappeared without a trace. Some had died, killed by others, and replaced by new heroes. Some had stagnated, aged, and disappeared without a trace. Even Gu Chensha himself had to improve continuously, lest he be surpassed by others.

It was even more so for Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, and the others. Although they were people by Gu Chensha's side, they could not stagnate. They had to improve continuously. Gu Chensha could not directly help them raise their cultivation bases, because if that were to happen, they would lose their drive to improve, and would be surpassed by others sooner or later.

Furthermore, after reaching the Invincible Immortal level, one would already be standing at the pinnacle of all worlds. If one wanted to improve, they couldn't rely on others. They could only rely on themselves to constantly explore, improve, comprehend, and ponder. Only then would they have room for improvement.

It had to be known that Zhou Qin, Wang Zao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li's fate energy was enough to suppress everything in the world. Unfortunately, their cultivation was currently stuck at a critical juncture and they were unable to advance at all. This was why Lou Baiyue and the others were slowly catching up. From this, it could be seen that the higher one's cultivation was, the slimmer the chances of breaking through would be.

The higher one's cultivation base was, the longer one stagnated, the more likely one would be overtaken or even surpassed by others.

Therefore, no one could stop and rest. Sailing against the current, one would either advance or fall back.

While Gu Chensha was observing, all the major powers were actually observing this battle as well. This was because the commotion was simply too great. As long as one reached the Invincible Immortal level, they would be able to sense the immense destructive power sweeping through the multiverse.

Experts who had reached the Heavenly Dao Realm, even if they couldn't sense the battle, felt as if they were chickens and ducks that were on the brink of an earthquake.

The difference between Invincible Immortal experts and Heavenly Dao Realm experts was too great. It was very difficult for Heavenly Dao Realm experts to sense what Invincible Immortal experts were doing. However, Heavenly Dao Realm experts could more or less sense the terror of this battle.

"Who would've thought that the legend would be destroyed."

Qu Chen once again gathered the Invincible Immortal experts. Looking at Wang Dong, Chen Qi, and their ancient abilities, he could tell that of all the experts under his command, only these three had the strongest destiny. Among them, Wang Dong's power was the most boundless, and his ancient abilities were the most bizarre. Chen Qi's potential was the greatest.

Although Chen Qi had reached the Annulled Deathless level, he still insisted on spreading his message throughout the multiverse. That was especially true considering the level of his cultivation base. In the blink of an eye, he could create an endless stream of messages. He didn't even need to write them himself. What he wrote could be used to tug at the deepest chord in the hearts of all living beings.

Not only did he spread his works, but he also spread all sorts of entertainment, causing his influence to spread throughout the multiverse.

In the hearts of countless living beings, he wasn't a lofty Invincible Immortal expert, but rather a creator who brought happiness to themselves. This kind of cultivation method was unique. His accumulations grew more and more vigorous.

One had to know that although he was creating, each of his works was an illusory world. However, after the illusory world was read by countless living beings, the world would be constructed in the depths of their hearts. Gradually, these worlds would be influenced by the power of the spirit, and they would truly materialize.

After materialization, these worlds could be said to have been created by Chen Qi. As such, the destiny he obtained was practically limitless, and he could almost obtain the merit of creating the multiverse.

Furthermore, Chen Qi was a person who hid his strength well. He had never displayed his combat strength. Even Qu Chen didn't know what his combat strength was like.

Therefore, after Qu Chen established the Immortal Universe, he was constantly on guard against Chen Qi.

"I originally thought that Zhou Qin and the others were invincible and could fight against Gu Chensha. But now, it seems that Gu Chensha and the others haven't even made a move. Lou Baiyue and the others led a team, yet they were able to beat Zhou Qin and the others to a pulp."

Wang Dong thought about it and said, "It seems like we can't completely rely on these six people. They seem to have teamed up, but in reality, they're attacking on their own. None of them will submit to anyone else, causing their strength to be unable to integrate. I suspect that the six of them will kill each other this time." "You're right."

Gu Shenwei nodded in agreement. "These six people have teamed up with our universe, but they're all high and mighty. They look down on us and treat us like slaves. Even if they break Gu Chensha's control over his lifespan, they won't give us any benefits. It's better to rely on ourselves than to rely on them. Moreover, they can't even deal with Lou Baiyue and the others. How can they deal with Gu Chensha?" "Still, we can't offend these people, but we can divide them."

Qu Chen set the tone. "Actually, our group also needs a big battle to advance. Lou Baiyue's group might not have been stronger than us before, but after this big battle, they've reached the highest realm. There are actually five people with a lifespan of more than a hundred billion years. "

"Leader." Chen Qi asked, "How long will it take for you to reach a lifespan of a hundred billion years?" "Difficult, difficult, difficult."

Qu Chen waved his hand. "My current lifespan is only a few tens of billions. It's impossible for me to advance by leaps and bounds and reach a hundred billion years. That's because it's impossible to break through this realm with just time. In reality, we're all stagnating, and as time passes, we're slowly going downhill." "I have to think of a way to break through."

Wang Dong's heart was burning with passion. He wanted to reach Lou Baiyue's realm so that he wouldn't have to look at other people's faces. That was because if his lifespan exceeded a hundred billion years, he would be on the same level as Zhou Qin and the others. But now, Zhou Qin and the others were looking at them as if they were slaves. This made them very unhappy, because they were Immortal experts.

"You want to break through? It's actually very simple. "

It was at this point that another person appeared in the temple. He was a young man, but his aura was neither righteous nor righteous, neither evil nor evil. His power caused the essence of the Longevity Cosmos to tremble. "You're right.

"The will of the new world, Gu Xinjian."

Qu Chen immediately said. He already recognized this person. This was Gu Xinjian, who had disappeared for a long time. In the past hundred thousand years, some people even suspected that he had fallen, but now he had appeared again.

Moreover, looking at Gu Xinjian's aura, Qu Chen vaguely felt that this person's strength was probably not below Zhou Qin, Hong Yi, and the others.

"That's right, it's me."

Gu Xinjian sized up the Immortal Universe. "Not bad, not bad. I didn't think that time would fly by and geniuses would come forth. A brand new universe actually appeared, especially you, Qu Chen. You are very strong, but it is impossible for you to break through again. Because your potential has been exhausted.

The moment you established the Immortal Universe was the moment your potential was exhausted, just like Lin Yixun who established the Old and New Universes. After she reached the peak, her fate began to decline. I'm afraid that before long, she will be plundered by others and meet with misfortune. "

Currently, the four boundless universes each had their own tripod. The new world, the old world, the Old and New Universes, and the Immortal Universe.

It was like a long time ago, when the mother nest universe, the Arcana Universe, the Extreme Martial Universe, and the Immemorial Universe stood side by side.

However, the Arcana Universe, the mother nest universe, and the other universes back then were just super-giant universes, one level smaller than the current Immortal Universe.

Don't look down on this small difference. Even the difference between heaven and earth wasn't enough to describe it.

"Gu Xinjian, ever since you became a human, you've disappeared. Now that you've reappeared, your aura is similar to Zhou Qin's. Does that mean that you've found a way to break through? You definitely didn't come here for no reason. Could it be that you're going to tell us the way to break through? "Chen Qi suddenly spoke. Chen Qi grasped the main point as soon as he spoke.

Lou Baiyue's team had found an opportunity to fight with Zhou Qin and the others, stimulating their potential and breaking through. Qu Chen and the others were naturally very envious, but unfortunately, they couldn't imitate them. For so many years, they had been distressed about breaking through. Everyone's wisdom was concentrated, but they couldn't think of an effective way.

If Gu Xinjian could find a way to break through and let so many people break through, then everyone would definitely support him.

It turned out that Zhou Qin had also used this as an excuse, saying that he could capture Lou Baiyue and the others and force Gu Chensha to submit. Unfortunately, it was all for naught.

"Of course, of course I can help you break through."

Gu Xinjian said, "However, I also need you to work together. I've divined that you will soon face a great tribulation, and I can help you get through it. Of course, you have to directly fuse this Immortal Universe into the new world." Reading website: