Chapter 925
===========

Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio The prehistoric civilization was about to be destroyed a hundred years ago, and many worlds showed signs of decay. Like the current world, there would be no Spirit Qi, no Immortal Qi, and no Chaotic Energy to absorb. In such a doomsday, people's minds would naturally collapse, and they would no longer be united.

Once people's minds collapsed, they would no longer have the ability to resist the Heavenly Dao's destruction.

That was the prehistoric civilization's experience, and it was the same for the Yongchō and the world.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha had learned a lesson from the collapse of the prehistoric civilization. Now that he had put everything together and deduced, he would definitely not let the tragedy repeat itself.

His divine will instantly connected with the crystal wall of the entire divine continent and the Four Wildernesses. Breathing in and out. Crack, crack, crack, crack.

The entire crystal wall suddenly became extremely dense. Thunder and lightning appeared in the sky, and the sound of space shattering could be heard. There was also a boundless destructive will, as if some heavenly punishment program had been activated. A voice spread to every corner and space of the divine continent and the Four Wildernesses.

"Everyone living in the divine continent and the Four Wildernesses, listen up. The calamity of heaven and earth has begun. Spirit Qi, Immortal Qi, and Chaotic Energy have disappeared. All living beings, be it humans or demons, can no longer cultivate. But don't panic, this is only temporary."

Gu Chensha's voice was heard. "In three days, the imperial court will hold a great sacrifice. After the sacrifice, everyone can still cultivate. But during the time of the sacrifice, don't be impatient, and don't cause trouble. Otherwise, you will be killed. The imperial court will not allow any chaos. The crystal wall of the divine continent and the Four Wildernesses has been activated. Whoever breaks the law will be automatically discovered and punished."

In a small courtyard in Sin Province City, the Heavenly King of Jin, Chu Feng, had a sinister smile on his face. "Hahahaha, the spiritual energy has disappeared, the immortal energy has also disappeared, and the chaotic energy has completely disappeared. The world is finally in chaos, and this Gu Chensha is actually starting to threaten us. Hahaha … His doomsday is coming. Let's see, after losing the hearts of the people and the sacrifices of the world, he can no longer extract power from the sacrifices.

"The world is really starting to fall into chaos. No matter how hard Gu Chensha tries to suppress it, it's useless."

Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha were also demoted to ordinary people. Now, they were in the same situation as Chu Feng, the Heavenly King of the Gate of Jin. They could only hide in a small courtyard and eat three meals a day instead of absorbing Spirit Qi. They didn't even have the ability to absorb Spirit Qi, so they were powerless.

"Heavenly King of Jinmen, this is useless to us."

Celestial Master said coldly, "The world is in chaos and we are in danger too. Many people will kill us and we don't have the ability to protect ourselves. Any small Dao Realm Expert can kill us all."

"Don't worry about that. We have a huge amount of fate energy on us. Even if the world falls into chaos, no one will be able to kill us. The more unlucky Gu Chensha is, the more our fate energy will return."

Heavenly King of Jin said, "Moreover, the Emperor Of Heaven has activated his real trump card. The Human World, Underworld, Monster World, Demon World, God World, and Immortal World are all starting to condense. The newly condensed world will completely divide up the Heaven World.

Moreover, the Mortal World would devour the Spirit World and the Primal Chaos, becoming a world even larger than the Heaven Realm. Once the Mortal World condenses into a physical form, it would become the number one world since ancient times. At that time, the Mortal World would be the largest.

The power and potential of the Human World will be activated by the Emperor Of Heaven, and it will be enough to suppress that Gu Chensha. "

"Not bad, not bad." Just as these people were discussing, a person suddenly appeared in the small courtyard. This person was actually Gu Zhensha.

Gu Zhensha was the tenth prince. At first, he relied on the Lei Clan and was Gu Chensha's arch-enemy. He also had thoughts of fighting for the throne. However, ever since Gu Chensha rose to power, Gu Zhensha had gone into hiding. The other princes were the same. If it was in the previous dynasties, these princes probably wouldn't be able to escape the fate of being hunted down. However, Gu Chensha didn't kill these brothers. Even though Gu Zhensha and Gu Zhensha had a huge fight, he only abolished their cultivation for now. They were still allowed to cultivate in this courtyard. If they changed their minds and sincerely offered sacrifices in exchange for merit points, they might have a chance to be promoted.

"Gu Zhensha, why are you here?"

Gu Zhensha looked at the newcomer and was shocked. He thought that Gu Zhensha and the other princes had disappeared. He didn't expect these people to be doing something earth-shattering in the dark.

"What? Gu Zhensha, do you think I've completely failed?

Gu Chensha is like the sun in the sky. He controls everything. Even when father was alive, he wasn't this powerful. Are we supposed to be under his command? You're very, very wrong. "

Gu Zhensha, the tenth prince, had a vicious expression on his face. He sneered, "It's a pity for you. Originally, you obtained the strongest battleship and system left behind by the prehistoric civilization. You could have fought against Gu Chensha, but you just had to collude with Gu Zhensha. The two of you schemed against each other, so Gu Chensha took advantage of you." "Gu Zhensha, your cultivation has reached …" Gu Zhensha's expression suddenly changed.

"That's right. My cultivation has had many fortuitous encounters. I've completely refined Gu Taxian's bloodline in my body and even strengthened it.

Now, my cultivation is enough to turn the world upside down! "Gu Zhensha said," Guess why I've come here today? "

"We're no longer of any value to you. You probably won't gain anything by coming here." Heavenly King of Jin, Chu Feng, suddenly sensed danger.

"Value? You're very valuable. "

The tenth prince, Gu Zhensha, smiled even more sinisterly, "On the surface, you seem to have lost all your cultivation and are like ordinary people. However, you actually contain fate, karma, and the deepest layer of fate. As long as you don't die, you still have a great chance of soaring into the sky in the future. Your fate and karma are still there. I've come today to kill you, devour you, and obtain all your opportunities and fate so that I can finally break through." "Don't you dare!"

At that moment, everyone took a step back. They knew that the tenth prince, Gu Zhensha, was a man of his word. Originally, the imperial court was powerful, so he didn't dare to do this. He could only hide. However, the world was in chaos now, so Gu Zhensha had an opportunity.

"Why wouldn't I dare?"

Gu Zhensha looked up at the sky, "Gu Chensha is actually warning us now. That means he's really at the end of his rope. Otherwise, he wouldn't have made a sound. If he could control the overall situation, he would be as nourished as the spring breeze and rain. As the saying goes, those who are good at fighting have no illustrious achievements.

Now that he's done this, his true intentions have been revealed. He's already at the end of the road. "

"Gu Zhensha, what do I have to do to make you let us go?" Heavenly King of Jin, Chu Feng said, "I'm the Heavenly King of Jin. In the future, I'll definitely return to the Heavenly Court. If you kill us, you won't be able to escape the Emperor Of Heaven's wrath. " "Is that so?

We still don't know if the Emperor Of Heaven can win, and Gu Chensha's death is imminent. However, his counterattack before his death is still very powerful. When he counterattacks, the Emperor Of Heaven definitely won't be able to withstand such a blow. When that happens, both sides will be heavily injured, and it's still unknown who will emerge victorious. Why can't I become the Emperor Of Heaven? Hahaha … "Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha seemed to have lost his patience." All of you, die! " Rumble!

His palm spread out, instantly enveloping everyone. This wasn't just killing people, but rather, from his palm, it was possible to see fate, karma, fate, destiny, and something that no one had ever discovered in the future. He was absorbing these people's hidden fate.

If he absorbed all of it, he would be able to break through some kind of barrier in his fate. His Life Matrix would be complete, and his cultivation would increase by leaps and bounds.

Just like Xu Ziyu, he had to devour Zhuge Ya in order to allow his Fate Horoscope to break through and reach the highest realm.

"All of you, die!" Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's expression became even more savage.

"Why bother?" A beam of light suddenly appeared, blocking Gu Zhengsha's palm. Then, Gu Chensha appeared.

"Gu Chensha!

You … shouldn't you be in a terrible state, preparing to take over the Spirit World, the Immortal World, and the Primal Chaos? "Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha looked at Gu Chensha and took a step back.

"Gu Zhensha, you're vicious."

Gu Chensha looked at the brothers who had bullied him since he was young and shook his head. "You, Big Brother, Third Brother, and the others worked together to secretly deal with me. I saw that you received the support of some faction, but you were the most vicious. You suddenly comprehended some kind of secret and killed and devoured all those brothers to strengthen your bloodline."

"That's right. Gu Hengsha, Gu Fasha, Gu Hongsha, and Gu Yunsha were all devoured, killed, and refined by me. Killing brothers for the greater good is nothing.

You once comprehended Gu Taxian's bloodline and finally cultivated the Heavenly Law Magic. Now, I'm the same as you. I've also cultivated the Heavenly Law Magic, and I'm even more powerful. My bloodline is much thicker than yours. "

Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha moved, preparing to leave. "Gu Chensha, just you wait. There will come a time when you can't even take care of yourself. Let's see how long you can last."