Chapter 207
===========

Gu Chensha broke out in a cold sweat at the thought of it.

Who would have thought that a person like Gu Huo would appear in the Great Wei Dynasty's diplomatic party in Precious Jade Country? And he had done it quietly, especially when he had comprehended his own martial arts, the Nine Disasters.

It was only when the black gas swallowed the sun, the heavens and earth shook, and the demon star descended that he had comprehended it to perfection.

From this, it could be seen that this person carried the mandate of heaven, and was no ordinary person. How could such a person be so easy to deal with?

"Why does the Great Wei Dynasty place so much importance on Precious Jade Country?" Gu Chensha frowned.

"We need to set up a very large matrix."

"Actually, Dragon Sword Island, Ocean Roc Island, Treasure Jade Nation, and many other islands were all connected in ancient times. They communicated with each other at the bottom of the sea and contained a huge amount of energy, especially Treasure Jade Nation, which is the core of the formation. Treasure Jade Nation has a jade mine at the bottom of the sea. If we make use of it, we can build a huge teleportation formation that can continuously transport the armies of the Great Prestige Dynasty over. We can occupy the sea and use it as a springboard to invade the Divine Prefecture."

We can occupy the seas and use it as a springboard to invade the Divine Prefecture. "" I see. There are jade mines everywhere in Precious Jade Country. In the depths of the sea, there are ancient jade mines that have yet to be mined. I heard that the reason they cannot be mined is because they are guarded by jade spirits. "Gu Chensha had done a lot of research on Precious Jade Country.

In the depths of the Precious Jade Country, there was an almost endless amount of jade ore. It had been formed since ancient times. Because the jade ore itself contained a lot of spiritual energy, jade spirits were born over time, which were also known as jade demons and jade souls. Stones could be cultivated into demons, and jade mines were even easier to cultivate.

Because of the jade demons' protection, it was very difficult for humans to mine. This time, the Great Wei Dynasty wanted to use all the energy in the mines to transform them into a transportation matrix.

The Great Wei Dynasty could not attack the Divine Prefecture because they were too far away. They needed a springboard, such as the Wilderness, or the many countries overseas.

"If you tell me, won't you ruin the Great Wei Dynasty's plans?" Gu Chensha asked Bao Ming 'er.

"It's very simple. I'm working with you now, but I don't like that Gu Huo. That person thinks he's talented and doesn't take me seriously. Moreover, I don't agree with his methods. He's an ambitious person. If he can gain power, it won't be a blessing for our Great Prestige Empire."

Bao Ming 'er flicked her fingers. "I've told you everything. With this information, you'll be able to gain the upper hand in the battle against Gu Huo."

"It seems like I have to change my plan. I will secretly go to the Precious Jade Nation and fight with that Gu Huo. I want to see what he is capable of."

Gu Chensha, on the other hand, was filled with lofty sentiments. His Dragon's Gate had merged with the Swallowing Sun Ba-She Pouch, and his cultivation had soared. It was just the right time to test it out on an expert.

Normal experts were no match for him. Only Dao Realm 18 Transformation Golden Dan Great Path experts could challenge him.

"I think you should be careful. That Gu Huo isn't a monster like Lei Wusha. Even dozens of Lei Wusha wouldn't be his match."

Bao Ming 'er immediately said, "Moreover, once you reach the Golden Dan Great Path, be it Xiantian Earth Energy or Spiritual Will, they will all transform. You can't be so rash."

"I'm afraid that even if I don't go and find him, he will come and find me." Gu Chensha calculated carefully.

He had obtained the Buzhou Dao, and his Xiantian Earth Energy could even form the Zhou Tianyi, which was the best at calculating.

"That's true. Your reputation has spread. Killing Lei Wusha and the three Barbarian Kings has made you a thorn in the side of the Barbarian Race and the Monster Race. The key is that you subdued Luluha and stole the Swallowing Sun Ba-She Pouch. That is a huge blow to the Barbarian Race."

Bao Ming 'er said, "Also, that Gu Huo might be colluding with people from the Imperial Court. You have to be careful." "Colluding?"

Gu Chensha thought for a moment. "Then it is most likely my big brother. He used to be a feudal lord guarding the sea region. Now, he has been reprimanded by Imperial Father and is studying in seclusion." "In that case, that Gu Tanjian might also be colluding with Gu Huo. I can't believe these two things are actually linked together. "

Bao Ming 'er frowned. "That's true. If the Great Spirit God is manipulating the world from behind, the Baoyu Nation and the overseas nations are important pawns."

"In that case, it is even more meaningful for us to work together." Gu Chensha suddenly asked, "Sister, do you have the Heavenly Dragon Soul Gathering Flag?" Actually, this was the main reason he had come to find Bao Ming 'er this time.

The Heavenly Dragon Soul Gathering Flag was the Great Wei Dynasty's ritual treasure. It was also the flag of the Imperial Court. Gu Chensha did not want this treasure. He wanted the Emperor's Aura on it.

It could be said that even if Bao Ming 'er was a thousand times more powerful, she would not use the Emperor's Aura on it. It was a waste. It was better to give it to him as a sacrifice. Then, he could reveal the later moves of the Emperor's God-Sealing Technique.

He now knew four moves of the Emperor's God-Sealing Technique: Sun and Moon Refining, Sun and Moon Change, Sun and Moon Slaying, and Sun and Moon Dragon.

According to the ancient records, there was the Sun and Moon Talisman, Sun and Moon Sacrifice, Sun and Moon Sky, Sun and Moon God, Sun and Moon Light, and Sun and Moon Path. Sun and Moon Shine Together were these ten moves.

Once this move was mastered, one would be as glorious as the sun and moon. Their light would shine through the ages, and they could defeat many powerful beings in the world.

"Of course I have this flag. I use it to command the army." Bao Ming 'er said, "What do you want this for? Do you want to gather Spirit Qi and turn it into Spirit Liquid?

No need. Your dragon gate's absorption ability is a thousand times that of the Heavenly Dragon Soul Gathering Flag. Not only can it condense Spirit Liquid, but it can also be compressed into Spirit Crystals.

The Sun-Swallowing Bashe Pouch also has the ability to absorb Spirit Qi. Once it is opened, it can liquefy Spirit Qi into a stream. "

"I have my own use for it. Right, I got 18 Heavenly Dragon Soul Gathering Flags from Prince Gu. How about I give them to you, sister?" Gu Chensha smiled.

"Alright."

Bao Ming 'er wanted to see what Gu Chensha was up to. She waved her hand, and a total of 108 Heavenly Dragon Soul Gathering Flags flew out from the depths of the palace. They were much larger than Prince Gu's, and their power was different.

She was the Dragon Lord. She was three ranks higher than Prince Gu. Naturally, the Heavenly Dragon Soul Gathering Flags in her hands were more powerful than Prince Gu's.

Gu Chensha waved his hand, and a total of 108 Earth Qi swept up the flags. Then, the dragon gate moved and swallowed them all. After three breaths, he spat them out. The flags had been refined by the dragon gate, and they shone even more brightly. However, he had already stripped away the Emperor's Aura on them.

Now, his cultivation was different from before. He had a deep understanding of the Emperor's Aura. As long as he activated the Sun and Moon Dragon's Aura, he could absorb the Emperor's Aura through the air. He could even gather people and perform a sacrifice to gather the Emperor's Aura. However, this was suspected of treason. The Emperor's Aura was instantly extracted and thrown into the Sun and Moon Altar. Gu Chensha used his Innate Earth Qi to start the sacrifice.

On the Sun and Moon Altar, there was a huge mass of Emperor's Aura rolling. It was colorful and constantly changing, as if it was evolving into all living beings.

Gu Chensha analyzed the Emperor's Aura with a frown. He felt that this Aura was extremely mysterious and had endless changes. No Spiritual Qi, Immortal Qi, or Dragon Qi could compare to it. However, he could not absorb it at all, nor could he use it.

However, when he thought about it carefully, he felt that this Emperor's Aura was connected to his Clumsy Fist.

The Emperor's Aura was extracted from the ignorant people of the world, and his Clumsy Fist was also the foundation of the ignorant people of the world.

After thinking for a while, Gu Chensha knew that his cultivation was too low to understand the mystery of the Emperor's Aura. Therefore, he started the sacrifice.

In the Sun and Moon Altar, the moment the Emperor's Aura was sacrificed, countless images were immediately transmitted into Gu Chensha's mind.

Immediately, the Sun and Moon Talisman and the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Rite appeared in Gu Chensha's mind.

Of these two moves, the Sun and Moon Talisman was formed by all kinds of runes, profound and unfathomable. On the other hand, the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Rite was a sacrificial art. As long as one had the Emperor's Aura, they would not need any materials and could transform at will to obtain what they needed.

Of course, the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Rite also had other arts that could communicate with the Heavenly Dao.

"Amazing, amazing!"

Gu Chensha obtained these two moves in an instant. He was now a genius, and his comprehension ability was much higher than before. He immediately sensed the subtlety of the two moves and compared it with the Great Massacre Divine Art. He felt that no matter what kind of strange ideas he had, he wouldn't be able to create these two moves.

Of course, he wasn't talking about the two moves, but the Great Massacre Divine Art. Based on his intuition, he found that the Great Massacre Divine Art could subtly suppress the Emperor's God Sealing Art. Who knew how the Heaven Talisman Emperor created it?

No matter what, he had two more moves of the Emperor's God Sealing Art, the Sun and Moon Talisman, and Sun and Moon Sacrificial Rite. His cultivation had improved greatly, and he was even more confident that he would be able to reach the Dao Realm Eight Transformation Samadhi True Flame without relying on the Dragon Gate.

All of these changes happened in just a few breaths. Bao Ming 'er didn't expect that Gu Chensha would instantly suck away the Emperor's Energy from the Sky Dragon Spirit Gathering Flag, complete the sacrificial rite, and learn the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Rite.

Even if she was really meticulous and had a high cultivation, she wasn't able to see through the changes.

She only saw that the Sky Dragon Spirit Gathering Flag was shining brightly and its ability to change was much stronger than before. Of course, this was a good thing for her. Gu Chensha condensed the flag. Although the Emperor's Energy was sucked away, it didn't damage the treasure at all. Bao Ming 'er couldn't use the Emperor's Energy either as it was just trash to her.

"These are the 18 flags I got from Prince Gu. I have returned them to them and I am giving them to you." Gu Chensha took out the 18 flags.

"Okay."

Bao Ming 'er took them, "You have the Dragon Gate, so you don't need them. I still need to rely on them. Each more flag means more spiritual energy gathered. Thank you for this." "Sister, there is no need to be so polite."

Gu Chensha said, "That's right, Wen Hong has taken away the Buzhou Palace. In the future, there will definitely be countless demons appearing. If Big Sister has the time, we can subdue the demons together. After my Dragon Gate absorbs the demons, we can convert them into Dragon Qi and condense them into Dragon Raising Pills. I can give them to Big Sister. At that time, Big Sister will have another genius under you.