Chapter 888
===========

Gu Chensha appeared on top of the Great Stone Great Wall and looked at the inside and outside of the divine prefecture. Tourists weaved in and out, densely packed and extremely prosperous.

Occasionally, experts would fly over from the distance and land here. They found a place to sit down and comprehend.

This was because some experts realized that comprehending dao techniques on the giant stone wall would allow them to comprehend more. The giant stone wall became a place to comprehend the dao.

"There really are so many experts here."

Gu Chensha looked at all of this and thought back to the 14th year of Heaven Talisman. At that time, people who just stepped into Dao Realm were already at the peak of Pugilistic World and could be called old ancestors. Those who could fly in the air were pretty much all true celestials.

Now, in just a short 20 years, the world had undergone a huge change. First, there were fortuitous encounters and many experts appeared. Then, the Heaven Dao stopped monitoring and it became really easy to raise one's realm. Now, there were basically many Dao Realm experts and many of them had cultivated Xiantian Energy.

There were even people at the 18th transformation, Great Dao Golden Core, that appeared like bamboo shoots after the rain. Dao Realm 36 transformations, each stage was a different state of mind. When one's state of mind changed, some of them would give rise to strong heart demons.

Gu Chensha realized that many experts had lost respect for the Dynasty. In the depths of their hearts, they even relied on their abilities and weren't willing to listen to the Dynasty's rules and laws.

He walked on the hundreds of thousands of miles long, incomparably broad Great Wall, listening to the conversations of the people around him and sensing the chaotic emotions and atmosphere in the human world. The true thoughts of many people were reflected in his mind.

"Brother Wang, your cultivation actually improved once more. In just a short month, you went from Dao Realm Three Transformation Copper Skin and Iron Bones to Dao Realm Eight Transformation Samadhi True Fire. This is a miracle. If news of this spread out a few years ago, no Black Heaven and Earth Sect geniuses would be able to compare to you." "Well said, well said. I just had some fortuitous encounters.

Brother Zhang, you are the same. You actually broke through to Transformation Nine and cultivated the Glass Jade Body. You are even ahead of me. Once the Glass Jade Body is formed, you will have at least 300 years of lifespan. Congratulations. "

"Haha, it's extremely easy to break through to the next level now. Brother Wang, I see that you came to the Great Wall to gain enlightenment and break through to the Nine Transformations, right?

To think that the Great Stone Great Wall is now a sacred land for comprehending the Dao. Ever since the Heavenly Talisman 36 years ago, there would occasionally be many miracles happening here. I heard that not long ago, an expert from the Hu Clan broke through to the Divine level here, cultivating to 30 transformations of the Dao Realm and creating a world, becoming a top-notch character in one go. "

"God Tier … This realm allows one to live for thousands of years. However, we will reach this realm sooner or later." "By the way, the Imperial Court recently released another piece of news. Have you seen it?

It seems like they want to spread the Dragonless Heart Sutra. They say that once this heart sutra is cultivated, anyone can break through to the next realm and become an anomaly. "

"I also saw this news. However, the imperial court broke up the Dragon Raising Heart Sutra, Dragon Creation Heart Sutra, and Holy Dragon Heart Sutra and transformed them into the Human Dragon Heart Sutra. They released them one by one and even wanted us to use our contribution points to exchange for them. This is a ploy and a ploy. It would be great if the imperial court made all the cultivation techniques public."

"That's right. If they could make all the cultivation techniques public, our cultivation and comprehension would increase tenfold or even a hundredfold. I heard that the imperial court actually grasped the Celestial Venerable Creation Technique!

In other words, even if we don't cultivate, as long as we obtain this creation technique, we can cultivate to become Celestial Venerables or even live as long as the heavens and the earth! "

"This is not a rumor. This is the truth. Look at those common people. All of them are at the Celestial Venerable Realm. This shows that the highest cultivation secret that the imperial court grasps is definitely not something that ordinary people like us can come into contact with.

The imperial court actually has the power to create Celestial Venerables so that we don't have to painstakingly cultivate to become Celestial Venerables.

However, the imperial court doesn't do this. Right now, there is already a voice among the people that wants the imperial court to be open and open to the public.

They want to publicize all the cultivation secrets and techniques so that everyone can obtain the secret of immortality. "

"I also hope to immediately obtain immortality. Even if cultivation is so easy now, I'm afraid that we have no hope of truly cultivating to the realm of living as long as the heavens and the earth. However, if the imperial court announces the secret, our hopes will be much greater."

"The imperial court keeps saying that they are wholeheartedly for the people and for the world, but in reality, they are also hiding it. The things that are being circulated now seem to be a great favor to us, but in reality, they are just plucking a hair to benefit the world.

I think the imperial court still wants to restrict our intelligence and thoughts, not allowing us to develop by leaps and bounds. " "Of course. Which dynasty's policy isn't to fool the people?

We shouldn't have too much hope for the imperial court. However, it is still possible for us to appeal to the imperial court to reveal more cultivation secrets. "

"Do you think that if we appeal to the imperial court to reveal our cultivation secrets, we will be targeted by the imperial court and then secretly deal with us?"

"I'm afraid that is still impossible. After all, the imperial court is the imperial court. They still have to put on a show.

Of course, we don't know what they are actually thinking. Looking at the methods that the imperial court is hiding, they might not have any good intentions.

For example, the imperial court doesn't actually want everyone to become Celestial Venerables, but in fact, it is possible to create Human Dragon Pills and let everyone become geniuses. This is completely possible. However, how did the imperial court do it? They still limited the supply of pills. Even now, we don't have the talent to become geniuses. "

"Not to mention geniuses, even if we are geniuses or born saints, the imperial court can create pills for us to become geniuses. But what did the imperial court do? "

"There is indeed a huge problem with the imperial court. Let's not care about all this and just focus on cultivation and observe the changes."

Gu Chensha casually listened and saw a few small groups of people between Dao Realm Changes Five to Ten talking to one another. They were discussing cultivation and the imperial court. From their tone, it was obvious that they weren't satisfied and hoped that the imperial court could help them reach the heavens in a single step. Moreover, they seemed to be discussing to join some organization to force the imperial court to hand over more pills and techniques. As expected, people's hearts were starting to change.

At least the people in this small group didn't have any gratitude in their hearts. All they had was desire and unsatisfaction. They weren't satisfied that they only had 100 or a few hundred years of lifespan. They wanted to become Celestial Venerables and even live as long as heaven and earth. In the past, they didn't even dare to think about such things. But now that they had the imperial court, they felt that the imperial court could help them fulfill this wish. This was why they were extremely unhappy with the imperial court.

"As expected, one should be indebted to another."

When Gu Chensha heard the thoughts of the people, he wasn't angry at all. Instead, he gained a deeper understanding of human nature. The human heart would never be satisfied. One could say that even if all the people cultivated to Heaven Life Realm and lived as long as heaven and earth, they wouldn't be satisfied. They would still chase Heaven Essence Realm, Heaven Realm Realm, and even Heaven Dao Realm. All of them hoped to become people like the Emperor Of Heaven or even existences that surpassed the Heaven Dao. But this ambition was also the driving force behind their growth. From it, one could extract the strongest poison that could corrupt the Heaven Dao.

Gu Chensha had refined this kind of thing and successfully forced the Celestial Thearch to retreat, thus allowing Lou Baiyue to truly refine the Empress of Heaven's Source.

Gu Chensha didn't do anything to this small group. He continued to observe. Many people's thoughts and discussions spread over even more intensely.

"Hahaha, I have finally broken through to Dao Realm Transformation Six. Xiantian Energy, I have cultivated Xiantian Energy. As expected, this giant stone wall is a great place to break through. 10% of it is breaking away from the foundations of the physical body and forming the Dao of Energy."

"You have just started. On the giant stone wall, there were people who broke through to God Realm not long ago.

But even God Realm is like an ant to the imperial court. One must know that the common people generals of the imperial court are all Celestial Venerables, God Generals, and Saints.

In front of the common people general, God Realm experts can be crushed to death with just one finger.

This is why no matter how strong we are, we are just people that the imperial court can easily trample on. " "The imperial court is only giving us benefits and hasn't trampled on us, right?"

"That might not be the case. If they don't trample on us now, something cruel might happen in the future. Have you all reared pigs?

Rearing pigs means feeding them well and serving them well. Once they get fat, they will be killed during the new year. They will eat their meat and drink their blood. They won't even let off their skin. Don't you think that we are being reared like pigs? "

"There is indeed such a characteristic. The imperial court may seem fine now, but in reality, our lives and deaths are in the hands of the imperial court. In the future, the imperial court can do whatever they want. In other words, it's better to have one's life and death in one's own hands. Freedom should also be in one's own hands. No matter how benevolent a master is, there will still be times when he changes his mind.

"Well said. No matter how kind a master is, there will be times when he changes his mind. We have to control our own fate and not be controlled by the imperial court.

Actually, the imperial court didn't give us anything. Everything we have was exchanged for. Instead, the imperial court absorbed the power of our sacrifices and refined Undying Substances from within. But what did we get?

Some pills and cultivation techniques that aren't even as good as scraps. In the end, the imperial court's exploitation of us is even more vicious than the previous dynasties. The previous dynasties just took away the wealth of the people. But now, the imperial court is taking away our soul, faith, and sacrifices. I don't think the imperial court will last long. "

"That makes sense, so I won't worship the imperial court. Even deep in my heart, I won't feel any gratitude towards the imperial court." 。 a