Chapter 973
===========

Gu Chensha was the nineteenth prince of Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. Now that he had come to the Human Realm, the nineteenth prince of the Human Realm was about to be born. It was the time for him to find a reincarnation for Gu Daoxian and that terrifying will. There seemed to be some logic to this. Of course, Gu Chensha had already seen through everything and knew where the crux of this was.

He was too powerful. Every move he made affected everything in the world, including the creation and destruction of the universe. Therefore, the karma and fate of the unseen world and the laws of nature would give birth to some existences that would restrict and restrain him, or they would secretly influence his mind, causing him to do some unexpected things.

Sometimes, his own thoughts were not his own. Instead, they were actions that were lured by the unseen karma and fate. The birth of a thought and the death of a thought were largely out of one's control.

No one knew what thoughts or thoughts they would have in the next moment. These thoughts came suddenly and could not be controlled. However, Gu Chensha had long since noticed all of this.

Because his Dragonless Heart Technique had long since cut off all karma and fate. All of his thoughts came from his heart and came from himself. They would not be affected by any other factors.

He had thrown the source of Gu Daoxian and that terrifying will into Yi Fei's body. In reality, he was beating her at her own game. He wanted to see what changes would be born from the unseen karma and fate. He gambled for a while.

Because that terrifying thing was about to be born, it would definitely control karma and fate and carry out a large-scale plan. Perhaps many of the thoughts of all living beings in the world would be secretly affected by this thing.

"Aiya!" When Gu Chensha threw the seal into Yi Fei's belly, she felt pain all over her body.

"Her Majesty is about to give birth.

Quickly prepare … "Many palace maids started to get busy. They were not very panicked. Firstly, the Hong Dynasty's technology was very advanced and the celestial path was also very prosperous. It was very convenient for giving birth.

As expected, after a while, Yi Fei gave birth to a baby. The baby was a boy. He looked very ordinary and there was nothing special about him.

"His Majesty has arrived." After the child was born, the current ruler of the Human Realm, Zhang Ziran, arrived.

"Greetings, Your Majesty." Many palace maids knelt down. There were also some brilliant imperial physicians.

"All of you can leave."

Zhang Ziran's cultivation level was profound, so there was no need for him to consult any imperial physician. He was the only person in the human world who could maintain his cultivation level.

"My Nineteenth Prince has been born?"

Zhang Ziran carefully observed the baby, and layers of divine light shot out from the depths of his eyes. It was as if he was trying to see through some karma, but he couldn't see anything. This was a baby that inherited his bloodline, but he didn't see anything strange about it.

"Greetings, Your Majesty."

Although Concubine Yi had just given birth, she wasn't weak. That was because she was a Dao Realm expert.

"These are my nineteen princes. The Lord of Everworld, Gu Chensha, is also ranked nineteen, and is the son of Grand Emperor Gu Taxian of Heavenly Talisman. Take care of yourself, "Zhang Ziran said after thinking for a while.

"Thank you, Your Majesty."

Concubine Yi said, "But Gu Chensha is the Lord of Everworld and is the biggest enemy of the Heaven Dynasty. We are under the jurisdiction of the Heaven Dynasty at all times, so even if I give birth to a son, after he reaches Dao Realm 19, he will have to ascend to the Celestial World and become a normal Celestial. I am really unwilling.

Moreover, I heard rumors in the palace that the Emperor can't pass the throne to the next generation. This is what the Heaven Dynasty wants, but I don't know if it is true or not. " "Of course it is true."

Zhang Ziran was expressionless, "The Human Realm is the head of the world and it is more than 10,000 times larger than the collapsed Heaven Realm. At the same time, it is a juicy piece of meat. The Emperor Heaven definitely won't let our family control it for a long time. Once the situation stabilizes, it will weaken my power and strength. As for the family, they will attack us."

"Your Majesty, to put it bluntly, the Heaven Dynasty is killing the donkey after it has outlived its usefulness, so we have to find another way out." Concubine Yi seemed to be Zhang Ziran's confidant.

"I have my own plans for this, but it is easier said than done."

Zhang Ziran frowned, "Now that the Heaven Dynasty has stabilized, there is no chaos in the Human Realm, that Gu Dao Celestial has been suppressed, and many people with mutated source have been subdued by the Hongling Sand, which is the current Taoist Ancestor."

"But there are two days in the sky, so it won't last long. The Emperor Heaven doesn't want to touch us now." Concubine Yi said, "Actually, the Emperor Heaven wants to suppress the Hongling Sand, but there are many obstacles. The Hongling Sand should have been the Heaven Empress, the woman who became the Emperor Heaven.

But instead, she became the Taoist Ancestor, and is on equal footing with the Emperor Heaven. She even built the Dao Palace, which is above the Heaven Dynasty. Isn't that a rebellion? "

"It's also because of this that I've managed to survive until today. Otherwise, the Celestial Thearch would've already caught hold of me and sent me into reincarnation," Zhang Ziran said. "However, I'm not someone to be trifled with.

The Human Realm is mine, and no one can take it away from me. If I hadn't offered up the Inexhaustible Flame to Gu Chensha, I wouldn't have been able to help the Emperor Heaven gain control of the Human Realm. " "Your Majesty, what do you think of our son?"

Concubine Yi was about to say something, when she suddenly realized that her newborn son was sitting cross-legged, as if he were using some technique. A cloud appeared above his head, and within it, lightning flashed, black and white swirled, and all things in chaos, including the Origin of the Dao, and all living beings.

"What's this?" Zhang Ziran's expression changed. "Is this the evolution of the mutated source? Could it be that my son has obtained the mutated source? If that's the case, I'm afraid the Heaven Dynasty will really be jealous. Right now, the Heaven Dynasty is worried that they won't be able to get a handle on me. "

"Your Majesty, this is our chance." Concubine Yi was afraid that Zhang Ziran would have some designs on her son.

"Don't worry, he's also my son."

Zhang Ziran smiled. "The Emperor Heaven takes turns, and this year it's my family's turn. Besides, it's not like I don't have a chance. Right now, there are many officials in the Heaven Dynasty who have secretly sought refuge with the Taoist Ancestor, Hong Ling Sha. I can also express my goodwill to Hong Ling Sha.

And these days, I've been collecting sacrifices from the Human Realm, and I've kept a large portion for my own use. I've created some immortal substances. "

Gu Chensha looked at the conversation between Zhang Ziran and Concubine Yi, and knew that Zhang Ziran was an understanding person. Zhang Ziran betrayed him because he wanted the Human Realm, and he still wants it now. This person's Dao is the Dao of the Human Realm.

"Your immortal substances are of no use at all. Against the Emperor Heaven, they will collapse in an instant." At this moment, a voice resounded.

"Who?"

Zhang Ziran's Divine Will swept out, but he didn't find anyone. But in front of him, a body condensed.

"It's actually you." When Zhang Ziran saw the person who came, his expression became somewhat unnatural. Because the person who came was Eternal World's Gu Huasha.

Regarding Gu Huasha, Zhang Ziran knew some secrets, because the Emperor Heaven once said that his true body was still in Eternal World. Moreover, he was an important figure in Eternal World. Many people would guess.

Later on, the Emperor Heaven created a few important ministers, such as the Lord of the Sun and Moon Hua Mingsha, the Lord of the Demon Realm Hua Yaisha, and the Punisher Heavenly Monarch Hua Miesha. Then, according to the word 'Hua', Zhang Ziran immediately thought of the key figure in Eternal World, Gu Huasha. This former fourth prince was very deep and his cultivation was unfathomable.

Back then, there were even some old antiques who thought that the fourth prince was the most outstanding subordinate of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian. However, later on, Gu Chensha appeared and completely overshadowed his brilliance.

Seeing the appearance of Gu Huasha, Zhang Ziran felt very strange. He already thought that this Gu Huasha was Emperor Heaven's true body, but he didn't confirm it. Right now, he was Emperor Heaven's subordinate, but he was enemies with Gu Huasha. However, he was enemies with Guhuasha, so he didn't know what to do.

"Zhang Ziran, do you think that I'm Emperor Heaven's true body?"

Gu Huasha looked at Zhang Ziran's expression and knew what he was thinking. He couldn't help but reveal a mysterious smile. "So, seeing me now is like seeing Emperor Heaven?

If I tell you that I'm not Emperor Heaven's true body, and that Emperor Heaven's true body is someone else, what will you do? "

"Naturally, I'll report to the Heavenly Court and capture you. You actually dare to appear in the Human World?"

Although Zhang Ziran said this, he didn't do anything. He could feel that Gu Huasha's power was far above his.

"It's understandable for you to say that, but I came here today to help you. I heard what you said just now."

Gu Huasha said. "Anyone with a discerning eye can see that Emperor Heaven can't let someone be the ruler of the Human World for a long time. Apart from you, there won't be another ruler in the Human World in the future. The Human World should be divided into many countries.

When these countries fight with each other, whoever is pious will receive blessings from the Heavens, making the country strong. If a country isn't pious, it will weaken.

With the pressure of competition, the power of the people's hearts will be completely aroused. But now that the Heavenly Court has unified the empire, they want to clean up those who oppose them and then collapse the empire. In this way, the belief of the Heavenly Court will be deeply rooted in people's hearts.

And Zhang Ziran, it's impossible for you to escape unscathed. If I'm not wrong, you will be killed for disrespecting the Heavens as a warning to others. " "Then what do you want to do? How do you want to help me? "

Zhang Ziran was still very cautious. He didn't reveal anything when he spoke. "Emperor Heaven has treated me well. I can obey the Heavenly Court's decree and only ask for peace. I think the Heavenly Court knows this and won't kill me. After all, I've contributed so much."