Chapter 919
===========

The Xu Clan. The Duan Clan.

These two clans were the largest clans in the entire Central Divine Prefecture. They had risen to prominence, and both Xu Ziyu and Duan Xiaoxian were in the Celestial Longevity Realm. People like that surpassed the old-timers who had existed since time immemorial.

If the imperial court's new policies could gain their support, it would be very easy to push them forward.

Of course, they couldn't oppose it. The imperial court was far more powerful than they were, and if they fought back, the imperial court could crush them to dust with the flick of a finger.

The clan leaders were well aware of that, which was why they would support whatever policies the imperial court proposed.

"The Duan Clan supports the reform of the imperial court," Duan Xiaoxian said. "We want to abolish the old currency and replace it with merit. Henceforth, the Duan Clan will perform sacrifices to earn more merit for the imperial court and stabilize the world. The great calamity is upon us, and the Celestial World is on the verge of collapse. Only the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds are safe places to live, and we need to unite our hearts and minds and use the power of sacrifices to stabilize the world. I understand that. If I didn't, then I would be a heretical wretch. I can exterminate them.

Duan Xiaoxian said righteously, "Everyone here, you should all understand that the Divine Land and the Four Wilds are our world. Every one of us must contribute. Now that the imperial court has stabilized the entire world, we should just sit back and enjoy the fruits of others' labor. This is not a long-term solution."

"That's right. We'll follow the orders of the imperial court. That's an eternal dao, and a long-term plan." The leaders of the various clans nodded.

Suddenly, one of the clan leaders said, "Sir Zhuge, I think we should join forces with the imperial court to hold a ceremony of sacrifice. We'll make it big enough to offer sacrifices to the nation and the imperial court.

That way, we can set a good example. When they see us holding a ceremony of sacrifice, it will influence everyone else. It's like how the Son of Heaven in ancient times led his officials to offer sacrifices to heaven and earth. The most important thing for a nation is sacrifice. The time has come for us and the imperial court to hold a ceremony of sacrifice. " "Mister Nangong's words are reasonable."

Zhuge Ya's heart stirred as he looked at the person who spoke. This person's name was Nangong Xun. The Nangong Family was originally a second-rate family. For thousands of years, they had always been tepid. They didn't have a minor dimension, nor did they have any god level masters in their family. But in the last ten years, a youth from the side branch of the family that was often suppressed suddenly rose up. In just a few short years, he had actually cultivated to become an Empyrean. This caused the entire world to focus on him, and he turned the family into a super first-rate family. Now, the Heavenly Paradise of the family was actually a dimensional realm.

"Then let the imperial court carry out the ceremony." Zhuge Ya thought for a moment. "I can make the decision on this matter. However, I need to report it to the Pavilion Master first." The pavilion master he mentioned was none other than Gu Chensha. Dragonless Inner Pavilion Master.

Right now, there was still the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor in the imperial court. However, he had established a cabinet and everything was decided by the cabinet. Gu Chensha was the chief of the cabinet but he didn't proclaim himself an emperor. In fact, he felt that there was no need for him to do so in the future. The capital of the cabinet was enough. As he spoke, a golden light flashed in Zhuge Ya's hand. He was sending a message to Gu Chensha. Then, Gu Chensha's message came.

Zhuge Ya looked surprised. Then, he said to the heads of the various aristocratic families present, "Everyone, because the Heaven Realm is indeed about to collapse, this kind of collapse will definitely affect the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wastelands. The moment the Heaven Realm collapses, the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wastelands will also suffer from serious disasters and shocks. Therefore, the Pavilion Master is currently using his own mana to suppress the situation and has no time to spare. Therefore, I will be presiding over this ceremony. This ceremony must be grand and formal. It must be a scene that has never been seen since ancient times.

Only in this way can we unite the hearts of the people and make them as one. The huge power of the ceremony can help the Pavilion Master to deal with the upcoming disaster. This is also helping ourselves.

If the Heaven Realm collapses and causes the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wastelands to be destroyed, it will be difficult for us to escape the fate of turning into ashes.

The disaster of the Heaven Realm's collapse is something that even the Sky Origin Realm cannot withstand. The Sky Origin Realm's boundless universe is actually as big as a speck of dust in front of the Heaven Realm. " "Is the Heaven Realm really going to collapse?"

The thousands of family heads here looked at each other and whispered to each other, "This is a real calamity. It will completely change the situation in the past. I wonder what the situation will be after the collapse?

I heard that after the collapse of the Heaven Realm, it will form the Human Realm, the Demon Realm, the Demon Realm, the Immortal Realm, the God Realm and so on. I wonder if it is true or not. "

"There are many rumors like this among the people. They say that the Emperor Of Heaven has been born and the Divine Prefecture is about to become the Heavenly Court. But now the Divine Prefecture has become the territory of the Imperial Court. This is a huge game."

"Yes, it is necessary to take sides at this time. But since we have chosen the Imperial Court, we must not be half-hearted. Otherwise, since ancient times, grass that goes with the wind will not have a good ending."

"If the reform of the Imperial Court is successful this time, it will stabilize the hearts of the people. It will make everyone worship the world and extract the immortal substance from it to strengthen the world. Then, it will be truly invincible. But it is easy to destroy the world and create it. But it is difficult to unite the hearts of the people."

"I think there is a very high chance of success this time. I even suspect that Pavilion Master Gu Chensha has the ability to prevent the Heaven Realm from collapsing. It is said that he is the strongest person in the world. Even the legendary Emperor Of Heaven is suppressed by him and does not dare to come into the world. His brilliance has already surpassed the most powerful level in the world. "

"Yes, it is almost impossible for such a person to fail. Look at how he easily suppressed the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds. Do you know what kind of power he has?"

Zhuge Ya watched as the tens of thousands of Patriarchs communicated with their divine wills, but he did not bat an eyelid. After waiting for everyone to finish communicating, he slowly said, "Everyone, the matter has been decided. Go back and make some preparations. In seven days, we will build a Dragonless Sacrificial Altar right here in the center of Sin State City. On this altar, we will hold an unprecedented great ceremony to worship the country and the Dragonless Path. This time, there cannot be any mistakes in the ceremony. With this as the starting point, the fate of the Yongchō Nation will truly go on forever. " "Yes."

At this time, Xu Ziyu, Duan Xiaoxian, and Nangong Xun were the first to stand up and let out resolute voices, expressing that they would definitely support any action of the Imperial Court.

Zhuge Ya watched these people leave one by one. The entire hall was empty, and he fell into deep thought.

At this time, Wen Hong walked in. Looking at the leaving family heads, he said, "These people seem to be relying on the Imperial Court on the surface, but in reality, who knows how many of them are still loyal to the Imperial Court in the face of a great calamity. Take Xu Ziyu, Duan Xiaoxian, and Nangong Xun for example. They are definitely not as simple as they appear on the surface."

"I also know that, especially that Xu Ziyu. These years, he has risen rapidly. Admittedly, he has had many fortuitous encounters, but it is still very rare for a fortuitous encounter to reach such a level. After all, there are fortuitous encounters everywhere. The era of fortuitous encounters has already been going on for more than a decade, and it is only getting more and more intense.

What is worth paying attention to is this person's management ability. In such a short time, he has managed to turn an unknown family into a huge family. The foundation of the family is far more than what it seems on the surface. "

Zhuge Ya nodded and said, "However, these years, the Xu family has been obedient to the Imperial Court. We can only follow the rules and let him develop as he pleases." "This train of thought is not bad."

Wen Hong said, "However, this great ceremony was suggested by that Nangong Xun, and we all feel that it is very good. If we successfully hold the ceremony, our country's Luck will indeed rise to a new level, and the people's hearts will be completely reassured. What I'm afraid of is that if something goes wrong with this great ceremony, our Imperial Court will not be able to recover from this setback. Our reputation will be ruined, and the people's hearts that we have lost will be irretrievable." "This is actually also a plan to lure the snake out of its hole."

Zhuge Ya said, "The Emperor Of Heaven and the other existences who are rebelling against the Imperial Court will definitely not allow the Imperial Court to successfully hold this great ceremony. It is because once the great ceremony succeeds, the people's hearts will be reassured.

With that, they will definitely try to sabotage it. When that time comes, we will be able to catch them all in one fell swoop. " "This matter is indeed imperative," Wen Hong said.

Wen Hong said, "What we are activating is an overt plot. Actually, as long as the hearts of the people in the world are completely stable, and everyone knows how to contribute to their own world, then even Celestial Emperor will be like clay chickens and pottery dogs. We can suppress them in an instant." "That's right. This is the principle of all living beings being united."

Zhuge Ya said, "Let's do our best to prepare for this great ceremony. This is a great test, and the turning point of our Imperial Court's Luck will be here.

If the great ceremony succeeds, the Imperial Court's Luck will be strengthened. If the great ceremony fails, the Imperial Court's Luck will collapse. "

"That is indeed the case." Wen Hong's expression was extremely solemn. "We must do our best to prepare for this."

Just as the Imperial Court was preparing, many of the Clan Heads and some of the important figures who had just left also held a small gathering. Naturally, Xu Ziyu, Duan Xiaoxian, and Nangong Xun were the leaders.

"The Imperial Court's Gu Chensha actually didn't show up this time?" Nangong Xun was the first to speak. "Brother Xu, what's the reason? If Gu Chensha doesn't show up this time, then I'm afraid our plan will fall into a passive state. "

"There will naturally be people to deal with Gu Chensha, and there will also be people to deal with Lou Baiyue. The person I want to deal with is Zhuge Ya."

Suddenly, an extremely powerful aura appeared on Xu Ziyu's body. This aura was like mountains and seas, like thunder and hell, like ghosts and gods, like the void and the universe. Crack, crack!

A ring of light appeared behind him. This ring of light was as resplendent as a river of stars. Within the ring of light, there were many large stars. Each of these large stars was actually a Greater Thousand Realms. There were a total of thirty-six large stars.