Chapter 1066
============

() () Chapter 1063: Return The Throne

The Insect Monarch, the Martial Priest, and the Great King of the Battering Heavens — these three Heavenly Dao experts had also learned the Dragonless Cultivation Method. They could also activate the power deep within their hearts, so now that they had entered the Arcana Universe, not only could they disguise as commoners, but they could also impersonate arcanists.

However, the Arcana Network was getting stronger and stronger, and the control of the Arcana Union was getting stronger and stronger. Even if they impersonated arcanists, they would probably be discovered if their identities were entered into the Arcana Union's system. Therefore, they could only disguise as commoners because the Arcana Union's system wasn't that strict.

Of course, this was a deliberate scheme of Gu Chensha. He knew that many people would sneak into the Arcana Universe. If the Arcana Universe's screening was too strict and those people couldn't sneak in, they would lose some kind of activity.

That was why Gu Chensha had purposely relaxed the rules, allowing some experts to enter and obtain opportunities to stir up trouble.

The Insect Monarch, the Martial Priest, and the Great King of the Battering Heavens discussed for a while and decided to find the Son of the Heavenly Dao, Lin Xiaofan, and Lin Yu, then devour them to increase their cultivation. Their bodies moved, activating the power in their arcana techniques, and they were about to leave.

They had great strength, but once they entered the Arcana Universe, if they used their own strength, they would immediately be detected. Only by using arcana techniques would they be safe.

However, just as they activated their arcana techniques, they suddenly teleported to the depths of a small building in the city.

The Arcana City was huge, and there were tall buildings everywhere. The small buildings were inconspicuous. When the three were teleported into the small building, they were extremely shocked. Then, they saw a person appear in one of the houses. This person was a young man with an aura of swords and sabers. His body was straight like a javelin, and his hands were clenched into fists like sledgehammers. When they spread out, it was like a continent extending into the starry sky.

In front of this young man, the Insect Monarch, the Martial Priest, and the Great King of the Battering Heavens couldn't activate any of their strength, let alone escape.

"Who are you?" The three were on guard.

"Don't worry, we're friends. You probably still remember a person called Zhao Jiangshan, right?"

The young man in front of him was the first person to reach the Heavenly Dao Realm. In fact, he had reached it earlier than the Fourth and the Emperor Of Heaven. He was originally the first person to be created in the Righteous and Evil Universes. Unfortunately, he had been suppressed by Gu Chensha. Now, he had finally regained his identity.

"You're the first person to attain the Heavenly Dao Realm?" Esteemed Martial Priest said, "I've heard of your legend." "Weren't you suppressed by Gu Chensha?"

The Insect Emperor said. He was not afraid that Zhao Jiangshan would harm him because he had the support of the mother brain in the mother nest universe. He was not inferior to Esteemed Martial Sacrifice and Great King Chaotic Heaven.

"I'm free. Gu Chensha is busy operating in the Arcana Universe. He wants to use the Arcana Universe to capture Mr. Ethereal and the others," Zhao Jiangshan said. "Gentlemen, you probably haven't heard of Mr. Ethereal and the others, right?" "What Mr. Ethereal?" the three asked.

Mr. Ethereal, Mr. Heartless, Mr. Inaction, and Mr. Thoughtless. These four people were secret existences in the multiverse. Only a few people knew about them. Most people did not know about them.

"They are existences that can contend against Gu Chensha. However, we can find an opportunity in their battle with Gu Chensha." Zhao Jiangshan said, "Fighting alone won't work, so we have to join forces. How about it? From now on, you must listen to me and act according to my orders. Otherwise, don't blame me for being impolite. "

"Zhao Jiangshan, are you trying to enslave us?" At this time, the Insect Monarch was uncomfortable and was ready to attack at any time.

"Insect Monarch, I know you want to use the power of Mother Brain. However, let me tell you, even Mother Brain may not be able to do anything to me. After all, Mother Brain is not in the Immortal Realm. I have gone through many trials and tribulations, and my cultivation realm is not something you can understand. Furthermore, this is the Arcana Universe. If you use Mother Brain's power, I'm afraid you will be immediately suppressed in the Arcana Universe. You might even attract Gu Chensha's attention. At that time, even Mother Brain will be damaged. You better think this through." Zhao Jiangshan seemed to have some kind of backing and did not care at all.

"People under eaves have to bow their heads."

At this time, King Hun Tian was the first to bow his head. "I am willing to listen to Lord Zhao Jiangshan's orders."

"Very good." Zhao Jiangshan smiled. "A wise man submits to circumstances. Don't worry, I will give you benefits."

"We are also willing to listen to your orders." The Insect Monarch and Lord Wushi glanced at each other. There was nothing they could do.

"I am not at ease with you guys relying on me like this. I need to place some restrictions on your bodies."

Without waiting for the three to agree, Zhao Jiangshan moved again. Instantly, three bands appeared on the heads of the three. Each band was dark green in color, and they imprisoned their thoughts, souls, and even their cultivation.

"What kind of method is this?" The three's expressions changed drastically. They knew that they had most likely become Zhao Jiangshan's slaves.

"This is the supreme secret that I have comprehended. Lin Xiaofan created the Eternal Mind Enslavement Technique, but there are still flaws. Because those who are enslaved by the Eternal Mind Enslavement Technique will lose their creativity from then on. In the end, they will just enslave a group of obedient puppets. My Outer Dao Confinement Arcane Technique allows you to maintain independent thinking, but you have to obey my orders. This is the highest level. The so-called Outer Dao Confinement Technique means that it is something outside the Great Dao."

Zhao Jiangshan said coldly, "I have created one universe after another, and I have also comprehended many things outside the Great Dao. Today, I will let you enjoy it."

None of the three dared to speak, because they found that Zhao Jiangshan's terror had blinded their hearts, causing them to have a great degree of fear.

"What do you want us to do now?" The three asked.

"It's very simple."

Zhao Jiangshan said, "You first return to your respective universes, and then gather a group of people to enter the Arcane Kingdom. Then, I will implant the Outer Dao Confinement Technique on them one by one.

This time, I'm going to carry out a big plan. Gu Chensha wants to set up a trap to kill Mister Wu Wu and the others, but he doesn't know that I have a huge plan, that is, the mantis stalks the cicada, unaware of the oriole behind. In the entire multiverse, there are only four strongest universes. The Arcane Universe is one of them, the Mother Nest Universe, the Extreme Martial Universe, and the Immemorial Universe. If you think about it, if these four universes suddenly merge, what kind of powerful universe will be created?

In that instant, wouldn't Gu Chensha's plans for the Arcana Universe be for naught? And wouldn't the person who pushed for the unification of the four universes immediately ascend to the Invincible Realm? " "You're so ambitious."

The Insect Emperor, the Martial Priest, and the Great King of the Chaotic Heavens were stunned, but they were under the control of Zhao Jiangshan. Now, they could only listen to Zhao Jiangshan's arrangements.

"If you do as I say, think about it, how many benefits can you get?" Zhao Jiangshan began to tempt them.

"But, the four universes each have their own will, how can they merge? I think even if one cultivates to the Immortal Realm, it's still impossible to merge the four universes." The three of them felt that it was impossible.

"Don't worry, I'm already 100% confident in this matter."

Zhao Jiangshan said, "You can't understand the laws of the universe's operation at all. The evolution of the universe's Heavenly Dao is different from that of humans. Even in the current Arcane Universe, you can clearly see that the Heavenly Dao of the Arcane Universe is not very compatible with Gu Chensha. It's even secretly rebelling against Gu Chensha. Moreover, you don't know my methods. You also know that I was turned into a cow by Gu Chensha and created worlds everywhere. In fact, in the process of creating worlds, I had already begun to make arrangements. The Mother Nest Universe, the Immemorial Universe, the Extreme Martial Universe, and even the Arcane Universe all had a part of me. Do you think the will of these universes will listen to my words?" "We are now sincerely listening to your arrangements."

At this time, the Insect Emperor, Esteemed Martial Priest, and Great King Chaotic Sky were completely convinced. Directly pushing for the four universes to merge was a huge move, but Zhao Jiangshan was able to do it. It turned out that he had been making arrangements since a very long time ago. The three of them bowed to Zhao Jiangshan and left.

Zhao Jiangshan watched the three of them leave with a cruel and mysterious smile on his face. "Gu Chensha, this time, I will ruthlessly stab you with a knife at the most crucial moment. Of course, Mister Wu Wu and the others must die as well. When you fight each other, the four universes will fuse. At that moment, when both sides are injured, the power produced by the fusion of the four universes will allow me to reach my limit and devour everything. If things go well, both of you will become mine. At the very least, the vitality of these two groups won't be greatly damaged and they won't have no choice but to obey my orders. At that time, Gu Chensha, I will turn you into the most despicable existence.

I will let you have a taste of my humiliation. Of course, I will let you have a taste of my humiliation before killing you. I will not be soft-hearted. " A huge plan was born in Zhao Jiangshan's mind.

"From now on, this world will be my era. Gu Chensha, Mister Wu Wu, and the others will step down from their pedestals and become my stepping stones." Zhao Jiangshan's body moved and he left. A moment later, he arrived at a secret cave.

Teddy Lin Yu and Meholi appeared in the depths of the cave. The two of them were negotiating with another person. That person was Lin Xiaofan. Baidu search keywords: Book Palm Reading Tool, or directly visit the official website & # ▲