Chapter 655
===========

Previously, when Gu Chensha refined the All Mammoth Shattering Cudgel, he had obtained the source of power. He had even almost deduced the location of the God of Might's True God position from the remnant information in the cudgel.

If his realm increased again, he would be able to truly know where the God of Might's True God position was. Then, he could set up an altar to summon the God of Might and obtain it.

A True God position was extremely important to any sect. It was almost comparable to a sect's most precious treasure. Even the current Calmness Department didn't have a True God position.

However, although he refined the All Mammoth Shattering Cudgel, he didn't refine the Bow of Liberation and the Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence.

Compared to the All Mammoth Shattering Cudgel, the Bow of Liberation and the Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence were much more powerful. They contained the supreme essence of Buddhism and were the origin of Buddhism. They might even be the key to opening the Buddhist Paramita Golden Mountain.

Gu Chensha used Dou Yi Yu's power to refine the bow and arrow. The bow and arrow turned into a small "Fu" character that kept swimming around his body, giving him endless power.

It was like a carriage with only one horse being added to it. Naturally, it was full of power and was light and nimble.

After refining the Bow of Liberation and the Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence, his spiritual sense skyrocketed. He actually peeked into some of the mysteries of Dou Yi Yu's Primordial Tree. Of course, he couldn't peek into it completely. However, just by peeking into it, he benefited greatly. If he carefully comprehended it, not only would he be able to improve the World Tree, but he would also be able to make a breakthrough in his realm. He would reach the crucial step of the 27 Transformations, the Seamless Two Realms.

After refining the Bow of Liberation and the Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence, Gu Chensha's cultivation doubled. He shook the air again and broke Dou Yi Yu's incarnation.

"What a guy."

Dou Yi Yu withdrew his incarnation, and a look of surprise appeared on his face. "You can actually transform into the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. More importantly, this talisman is extremely similar and has the power to command the heavens. It forced me to use the Primordial Tree's transformation to resist it. Very good! You cunning kid. Did you obtain part of the Primordial Tree's secrets from me? " "Same here."

Gu Chensha said, "You've also learned a lot of secrets from me. If my guess is correct, you did it on purpose just now. While I was refining the Dissolving Bow and the Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence, you used a mysterious force to place some kind of restriction on the bow." "You even sensed this?"

Dou Yi Yu's expression turned serious. "Since that's the case, it's obvious that you've already dispelled the seal. It seems that I've underestimated you." "That's how our cooperation is. You get benefits, and I get benefits, right?

Moreover, the mysteries of the Hong Meng Tree that you activated just now are nothing compared to the mysteries of the Hong Meng Tree that the three Heavenly Masters have grasped. For me, it's just some trivial essence that I've comprehended. "

How could Gu Chensha not know what Dou Yiyu was thinking? Although this woman was surprised on the surface, the truth was that she had everything under control. If he didn't use the power of his dimensional realm, then he would still be at a disadvantage in a battle of wits and courage.

"Your cultivation is at the 26 Transformations of the Dao Realm, 10,000 Techniques Return to One, and yet you were able to defeat me. You've already reached the 31 Transformations of Void Creation. Such strength is simply unheard of.

It can be said that at the same realm, this incarnation of mine can easily defeat four or five 31 Transformations Gods.

In other words, your current combat strength is equivalent to six or seven 31 Transformations Gods? "Dou Yi Yu was estimating Gu Chensha's combat strength.

"I don't care about combat strength."

Gu Chensha said, "Since ancient times, battle prowess has always been depleted, but production prowess has always been endless. The reason why Divine level experts are Divine level experts is because they possess the world's power. If they develop the human race and manage the Empire, the production prowess will be extremely tremendous. This is the crux.

"Your foresight is quite accurate."

Dou Yi Yu could already tell that Gu Chensha had a profound understanding of cultivation. He had already planned out his future path step by step and was unshakable. He had already planned out his path and firmly believed in it without the slightest doubt. It was as pure as a void crystal, sparkling with light. It was extremely terrifying.

Dou Yi Yu had never seen someone so determined and pure about their future cultivation. In her opinion, Gu Chensha had already planned out his future cultivation. It was just like bending over to pick up stones, bending his waist with every step he took.

Even she herself was unable to break through to the Heavenly Master Realm. Sometimes, she would doubt her own perseverance towards her future cultivation. But Gu Chensha didn't doubt it at all. This was terrifying.

"If there is a chance, I must cut this child down."

Dou Yi Yu truly wanted to kill him. "We cannot allow him to grow any further. Right now, this child has two explosive points. The first is that he can reach the 27 Transformations at any time. That is a massive breakthrough, and once he breaks through, his combat strength will increase by a great deal. The second is that he can perceive a Divergent at any time. Once he does, he can use the mind of a Divergent to control the Heavenly Dao Laws. That is truly terrifying."

Dou Yi Yu completely understood what Gu Chensha was like. This person's reserves were vast and his will didn't have the slightest doubt. He was unprecedentedly firm, and with the help of a dimensional realm, as long as he meditated a little, his boundary would rise steadily until he reached the God level.

Dou Yi Yu didn't dare to cooperate with this child any longer. This was because once Gu Chensha understood her secrets and knowledge, he would reach a critical point and suddenly explode.

But she also wanted to find a chance to kill Gu Chensha during this entanglement and use the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd to feed it. Only then would she be truly satisfied. To Dou Yi Yu, Gu Chen was someone with limitless potential and also a huge treasure. She definitely wasn't willing to give up.

"This girl wants to kill me and it seems like she is preparing to kill me."

Gu Chensha was really observant and had a clear grasp of the future. It was like billions of future changes were all within his grasp. He knew that he had defeated Dou Yi Yu's incarnation and that made her feel really threatened.

He was only at the 26th Transformation, 10,000 Techniques Return to One. If he advanced to the 27th, 28th, or even 29th, then what would Dou Yi Yu do?

Gu Chensha knew that the last three changes weren't any bottlenecks for him. The only thing was that advancing to the God Realm would be a huge obstacle and a bottleneck that was tough to break.

However, even if he didn't advance to the God Realm, as long as he reached the 29th Transformation and comprehended the Chaos Realm, it would be tough for Dou Yi Yu to kill him.

Each of the changes after the Dao Realm had a special ability. The 27th World Seamless Tearing Space allowed one to teleport and jump.

The 28th transformation, Vacuum Crushing, used unparalleled magic to crush the void, extract the power of vacuum, and then condense it. It was like metal being extracted from dirt. When one reached this realm, one could create small artifacts like space rings. Of course, that was just space and couldn't be compared to a world.

Although the world of a God Realm expert was called a speck of dust, it was actually really huge. Within, the four seasons rotated, time changed, sun and moon cycled. The land was rich and it was totally independent.

Meanwhile, this small space was deathly still. It could only store items, not allow creatures to live within. The level of space was worlds apart from that of a world.

Even so, space-type magic treasures were in short supply among the rich and powerful families. However, space magic treasures created by Dao Realm 28 Transformations Shattering Vacuum were very unstable and could be destroyed at any moment. Once they were destroyed, the items stored within would be crushed into powder by the power of space, and all living beings would die instantly.

Only when one reached the 29th Transformation and comprehended the Chaos Realm could one use such intent and borrow the comprehension of the Chaos to stabilize the space.

At that time, an expert who comprehended the Chaos Realm was just a step away from the God Realm. The space he created already had the shape of a world.

"Miss Yi Yu, you can continue to fight with me. I crushed your 31st Transformation Void Creation Realm incarnation and you can raise it to the 32nd Transformation One Thought Connecting to Heaven. This realm is really different and you have touched the Saint Realm, the peak of the God Realm. I still want to fight. "

After Gu Chensha refined the Release Bow and Constant and Impermanence Arrows, his body felt really comfortable. His body continued to spin and his strength sped up. It was as if thousands of rivers were spinning.

He was able to use the 26th Transformation Realm to destroy the 31st Transformation Dou Yi Yu's incarnation. This was a shocking achievement.

Logically speaking, a 26th Transformation Realm cultivator facing a 31st Transformation God Realm expert would be wiped out with just a breath. There was a gap of five realms.

Of course, this was the result of Gu Chensha's Heaven Path Technique merging with the Wanxiang Shattering Rod, the Release Bow, and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows. Be it the rod or the bow, they were all really rare treasures. Not to mention the Release Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows, even the Wanxiang Shattering Rod was a weapon that the ancient God of Strength had used to sweep through many worlds and kill many strong existences. With these two treasures, he was invincible and didn't need to fear any God Realm expert.

"You are using me to cultivate."

Dou Yi Yu waved his hands, "Moreover, I have roughly estimated your current strength. There is no point in testing you."