Chapter 814
===========

Concubine Lei's maiden family was the Lei Clan, a True God clan. The Thunder God had dominated the ancient times and was a True God. In the end, he was sealed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. However, despite this, the Lei Clan still had a small chiliocosm, many primordial treasures, and many Deity level experts. They were able to sit firmly on the throne of a first-rate clan. Sounds of nature.

However, ever since the Lei Clan went crazy and forced the abdication of the throne by Wu Dangkong, the two brothers, Extreme Thunder Source and Extreme Thunder Blood, were still kneeling in the public square, cursing day and night, becoming a laughingstock.

Later on, the Lei Clan was unwilling to accept defeat and was prepared to seek refuge with Wan Senshi. No one could have expected that the new divine land that Wan Senshi had created was actually taken away by Gu Chensha, completely defeating the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals and causing this old antique to be constantly on the run.

From then on, as Gu Chensha grew stronger and stronger, the Department of Tranquil Immortals dominated the world, and it was easy for ghosts and gods to avoid them. The Lei Clan could only go into complete seclusion, hiding and avoiding calamity.

However, this could not last for long. As the Department of Tranquil Immortals established the Skynet, the power of the Supreme Marshal of Common People, the Marquis of Common People, and the King of Common People grew stronger and stronger. The aristocratic clans were now completely under surveillance. Even the small chiliocosm was useless, unable to resist the prying eyes. It could be said that now, the background of all the aristocratic clans had been turned inside out by Gu Chensha. The Department of Tranquil Immortals had all the secrets of the various worlds in their grasp, and their every move was also under surveillance. As long as the aristocratic clans made any move that was detrimental to the world, they would be immediately wiped out. At critical moments, all the powers knew that the Department of Tranquil Immortals was absolutely ruthless and would not show any mercy.

However, ever since the Lei Clan lost the battle with the imperial court, Concubine Lei had never contacted the Lei Clan again. She had not even seen her own son, Gu Chensha.

She knew very well that Gu Zhensha had been at odds with Gu Chensha since they were young. He had even bullied Gu Chensha often. Now that Gu Chensha was in power, although he did not kill this brother, if Gu Zhensha continued to be arrogant and despotic, he would definitely die. He might even implicate the Lei Fei.

Concubine Lei did not think that she would not be killed just because she was a concubine. In front of the Dao of the Bureau of Calming Immortals, anyone who stood in her way would be crushed into powder. No one was an exception. Wu Dangkong was also a Ming concubine. If she had not dodged quickly, she would probably have been caught by the Bureau of Calming Immortals to "cleanse the emperor's side".

"Actually, His Majesty treats us quite well. We all have the blood of His Majesty in our veins, and have been tainted by his aura. These days of cultivation, my magic power has increased, and I have broken through one level after another."

The Empress of Law said, "His Majesty's every move contains deep meaning. We will definitely be of great use in the future, and we are not just simple concubines. Think about it, the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises that the Emperor favors, Fang Lin, is actually the reincarnation of the Boundless Treasure. We are the people closest to His Majesty. "

"However, we are currently not strong enough. Although it is safe to hide in the palace and not come out, I vaguely know that there will be a huge change in the Heavenly Talisman Thirty-Six Years. If we continue to be like this, I'm afraid we will be in real danger. Also, Concubine Shuang, I heard that Xuan Xin has been resurrected?

You have to be careful of his revenge. Back then, His Majesty killed Xuan Xin because of you, "Fan Fei said to a concubine who was sitting in the corner of the hall. This was Concubine Shuang. Her real name was Ning Qingshuang.

This woman's temperament was cold and arrogant, much colder and more arrogant than the woman who was the reincarnation of the Boundless Needle. She often sat quietly, like an iceberg, not moving or speaking. She had been in the palace for decades, but did not have any children.

It was rumored that she was Xuan Xin's fiancée, but she fell in love with the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. Xuan Xin flew into a rage, but was killed by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor.

Of course, there was another reason why the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor rose to power in the Black Heaven Earth Sect and was suppressed by Xuan Xin.

As the son of the sect master, Xuan Xin held great power. Naturally, he would not tolerate someone more outstanding than him in the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

"Back then, His Majesty killed Xuan Xin. Now that he has been resurrected, His Majesty has given him a chance to live. If he continues to be stubborn, I'm afraid he will die without a burial place again. At that time, he will be seeking his own death, and no one will be able to save him."

Ning Qingshuang's voice was like the wind in ten-thousand-year-old ice, capable of freezing people. "Xuan Xin's resurrection is because of Gu Tiansha, and Gu Tiansha's birth is also because of His Majesty.

From this, we can conclude that even if Gu Tiansha is ambitious, he is in fact within His Majesty's calculations and arrangements. "

"Xuan Xin has already gathered with Patriarch Heaven and Earth, the three Celestial Venerables, and a large group of old antiques to cultivate the most mysterious of the Endless Thirty-Six Treasures, the Endless Heart. Now, Xuan Xin has probably already matured. If he wants to untie the knot in his heart, he will definitely find you, or even us, and attack us. We have to guard against this, "the Dharma Empress said.

"The Calming Immortal Department cannot just stand by and watch," Ning Qingshuang said.

"We can't rely on the Calming Immortal Department for everything. Whether they can protect us or not is another matter.

Besides, we have no friendship with the Calming Immortal Department at all, and we even have a grudge against them. Don't forget about the palace infighting back then, and how our sons suppressed Gu Chensha very fiercely. "The Thunder Concubine shook her head.

"Everyone, the great calamity is coming, and you actually have no clue at all. No wonder you can't compare to that Celestial Master." Just as the many concubines and the Dharma Empress had yet to come up with a plan, a voice rang out. Then, within the great hall, the void split open. First, a peacock flew out. This peacock was colorful, magnificent, and noble, like a phoenix. Then, with a shake of its body, the peacock transformed into a woman.

This woman was extremely charming and seductive. It was as if she had gathered all the charm in the world, but deep down, she was incomparably sacred.

"Peacock!"

The Dharma Empress' eyes flashed with a hint of sharpness, and then she was shocked. "You became a Celestial Venerable?"

Peacock was also one of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's women. Her identity was not to be underestimated. She was the daughter of the Lord of All Demons, Li Wanlong. Back then, because of this matter, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had even entered the Demon Race's holy land, the Nest of 10,000 Dragons, to capture Li Wanlong and make him submit.

However, that peacock did not marry into the palace, because it was not a good thing to have a female demon among the palace concubines.

"That's right. I became a Celestial Venerable, and so did my father.

All these years, the Nest of 10,000 Dragons seemed to have quietened down, but in reality, it has been accumulating strength in secret.

This time, I came to join forces with the concubines to deal with the upcoming great calamity and situation, "Peacock said.

"Tell me, how do we join forces?" Concubine Xuan, who had been silent all this time, finally spoke.

Concubine Xuan's son was the Second Prince, Gu Xuansha. He had originally been conferred the title of Crown Prince, and Concubine Xuan would be the Empress Dowager in the future. However, later on, it was discovered that this Crown Prince was a mere figurehead. Now, it was as if he had been deposed. He was locked up in the Crown Prince's residence all day, unable to go out at all, let alone command.

Everyone in the imperial court was now part of the Calming Immortal Bureau, and all government affairs were controlled by the General of People's Lives. The common people did not recognize this Crown Prince at all, and there were even many ambitious people who wrote poems and articles to mock this Crown Prince for being useless.

Therefore, Concubine Xuan could only remain silent. Under such circumstances, there was nothing she could do. All the previous methods of palace fighting had lost their effectiveness.

"Everyone, you probably don't know, but the Emperor Of Heaven has been born."

Peacock's words were shocking. "This is a message that we, the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons, received during our cultivation. Our Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons may not be as big as the other major forces, but we have long fought for the title of Lord of Ten Thousand Demons, and have received the recognition of many demons in the world. Therefore, we naturally have a destiny. The Emperor Of Heaven has been born, and as a major force, the demons will in fact be ruled by the Emperor Of Heaven in the future when he is born." "The Emperor Of Heaven has been born?"

The Empress of Law and the many concubines looked at each other, then slowly said, "This is indeed an unprecedented event. However, to be honest, even if the real Emperor Of Heaven were to be born, he would not be as powerful as the Emperor. The only ruler of this world is the Emperor." "That makes sense."

Peacock said, "However, the Emperor does not care about the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven. Even the Heavenly Dao is just a piece of food to the Emperor. However, this food is a tough bone to chew." "Then what should we do? Did the Emperor give you some secret edict?"

The Empress of Law's eyes brightened. "Back then, the Emperor doted on you very much. You said you didn't want to marry into the palace, and the Emperor allowed it. The Emperor even gave you face and didn't kill Li Wanlong. He must have left something important for you. " "In this world, there are humans, gods, demons, demons, and immortals.

Among the five major categories, the demons have a portion of destiny. It is a pity that the demons have not produced an expert who can dominate the world. In the past, there was a North Star Emperor, but he was only a Celestial Lord. Now, he has been refined.

However, the demons are the most numerous existence in the world, much more than the demons. As the Lord of All Demons, no matter how the Heavenly Dao changes, a large portion of destiny is naturally within. "

Peacock said, "Naturally, the Emperor gave me something important. My father is going to step down and retreat behind the scenes. He will push me up to become the new Lord of All Demons. However, there are many obstacles in this process, so I want to help. What do you think? " "What do we have to help you with? What benefits do we have? "The Empress of Law asked.

"Do you know how I became a Celestial Lord?

It is all the blood that the Emperor left in my body. After refining it, I have all sorts of incredible abilities. "

Peacock said, "The Emperor left behind a formation. He once said that if there is a calamity, we sisters can practice together and communicate with our blood. That way, we can protect ourselves and do something that will affect the future of the Heavenly Dao." "What formation?" The many concubines asked.

"This is the Heavenly Mother Formation. If there is the Emperor Of Heaven, then there must be a Heavenly Mother.

The Emperor left behind a Heavenly Mother Formation. If we practice this formation, we will be able to obtain information about the Emperor Of Heaven. Then, we can capture the Emperor Of Heaven and educate him like mother and son, making him do things according to our will. "Peacock said.

The author recommends a free mobile app for you. Download large amounts of good content for offline reading, large amounts of free content for you to read, switch fonts, and have full night mode! Please follow the official WeChat account to download! Leishidushi (Press for three seconds to copy) Install the app!