Chapter 165
===========

The five thousand-year bone monsters killed hundreds of skeletons and swallowed their soul flames, becoming really strong. They floated in the air and looked really majestic.

Gu Chensha could only kill these thousand-year bone monsters but he didn't have such a method to subdue them.

Not to mention him, even Yi Ming wouldn't be able to do that. Unless he reached Dao Realm Transformation 12, he would be able to capture them and then slowly refine them into puppets. But even then, he wouldn't be as fast as Lou Baiyue.

He thought back to the day when Lou Baiyue killed the Barbarian Tribe in the South Mountain. Although he got first place and obtained the Hundred Tribulations Golden Pill, he hadn't stepped into the Dao Realm. Now, he was already a Nine Changes Dao Realm expert. At that time, he was just a Mortal Realm Grandmaster with a mortal body. Now, he was an expert of the Hundred Apertures Spirit Gathering Realm. In just a short year. In this year, the world had undergone earth-shattering changes.

The human race's attack on the barbarian race was reversed and they were forced to retreat. Hundreds of thousands of miles of land belonged to the human race and the world was prosperous. The young were raised and the old had someone to rely on.

Thinking about this, Gu Chensha felt like the world was like a game of chess. The world was unpredictable and there were many changes. It wasn't something he could control.

Humans were like duckweed and drifted with the flow. Only when one reached Heaven Talisman Emperor's level would one be able to change everything and use the dao according to one's will.

"Let's go."

Lou Baiyue said, "There is no need to collect the five bone monsters. We will continue forward and kill those low-grade skeletons to nourish their souls." "They can't just keep swallowing, right?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Of course, once they swallow to a certain extent, it is useless no matter how much they eat. Everything has a limit.

However, I have carved runes on their bodies. If they can't eat anymore, they can use those runes to absorb the soul fires of other skeletons and condense them into beads to store. They can slowly digest it later. This refining technique is called Sarira Formation. You've been learning from Bao Ming 'er for a long time, so you should know about it. " "I've learned it, but my cultivation hasn't reached that level, so I can't use it at all."

Gu Chensha suddenly thought of something. "That's right. Since your strength has increased tremendously, help me find Bao Ming 'er after we get out of here."

"Alright, this woman is indeed mysterious and has ulterior motives towards you." Lou Baiyue immediately agreed.

"I mainly want to obtain the imperial edict of the Great Wei Dynasty, as well as some sacrificial ritual implements. I can use them as sacrifices to obtain the Emperor's Qi as a sacrifice. There are many benefits. Not only can I learn some of the cultivation methods after the Emperor's God Sealing Art, I can also exchange them for various treasures from the Heavenly Dao." Gu Chensha had also learned many sacrificial techniques in the past few days. He studied hard and gained a lot.

"You used to use your own imperial edict as a sacrifice, right?" Lou Baiyue's expression was a little strange. "It's best not to do that in the future and damage the fortune of the Imperial Court.

The Emperor's Qi is actually the gathering of the spirits of the people, gathered on one person. Even if that person is powerless, he can still command the world. His words are law, mountains crumble and seas split. The sacrificial talisman absorbs the Emperor's Qi and the spirits of the people to give you something. In reality, you are stealing the Emperor's power for your own personal gain. This is an act that damages the Imperial Court and enriches the Heavenly Dao. " "I know about this."

Gu Chensha vaguely felt the same way. "So I haven't used my own imperial edict as a sacrifice recently. Instead, I want to obtain the imperial edict of the Great Wei Dynasty to weaken their power and increase my cultivation. Although this enriches the Heavenly Dao, it also weakens the enemies of our Imperial Court." "That's possible."

Lou Baiyue seemed to have seen through some heavenly secrets. "As far as I know, the Great Wei Dynasty seems to have received the blessing of the heavens. Every year, the weather is good, and there are many talents in the world. The earth veins seem to be changing towards that direction. Not long ago, when the Emperor was sacrificing to the heavens, heavenly flowers and dew actually fell from the sky." "What?"

Gu Chensha was shocked. "This is something that only happened when the Emperor of ancient times used the sacrificial talisman to sacrifice to the heavens. The weather is good, the country is peaceful, and the people are blessed by the heavens. Only then will there be heavenly flowers and dew. This is the symbol of the Divine Lord. Now, the sacrificial talisman is still in my hands, and the Great Wei Dynasty is an uncivilized land. Since ancient times, the Divine Prefecture has been revered in the Land of Infinity, and the Imperial Court of the Divine Prefecture is the true ruler. Outside of the Divine Prefecture are all barbarians. No matter what, the blessing of the heavens will not descend upon the Great Wei Dynasty." "That's true."

Lou Baiyue said, "But this is also a signal. Regardless of whether this news is true or false, there will always be people who believe it. Moreover, a few years ago, when the Emperor sacrificed to the heavens, blood appeared around the sun and moon. This is a sign of the wrath of the heavens and the resentment of the people. There will always be many in the Immortal Dao who think that the Emperor has been abandoned by the heavens."

"I have thought about this problem over and over again. In the end, I can only take it one step at a time." Gu Chensha sighed. "But it looks like Father is already prepared."

"Yes, but we have no other choice. Even if I were a hundred times stronger, I would not be able to help the Emperor." As Lou Baiyue spoke, she continued forward.

As Gu Chensha moved forward, he realized that the Plains of White Bones were boundless. In some parts of the plains, the space was distorted, and there were many cracks. It was like a broken mirror, reflecting many strange things.

He knew that these were hidden spatial cracks. If people were sucked into them, they would never be able to come out again. They did not know what dangerous places they would be transported to, or they would be directly crushed by the turbulence of space and time.

As the two of them walked, under the influence of Gu Chensha's Qi and blood, many skeletons drilled out of the ground.

But they were all killed by the five bone demons. After absorbing their Soul Fire, many beads condensed in their bodies.

The two of them moved forward for dozens of miles. The five bone demons did not know how many skeletons they had killed. They had undergone a transformation. They were no longer bones, and a thin layer of skin had grown on their surface.

"Oh?"

Lou Baiyue was a little surprised. "These bone demons have actually grown skin. That is not my ability. It looks like your blood has taken effect. I did not expect that a drop of your blood could control them and cause life to grow in the depths of their bones. This is the true effect of Flesh and Bone."

"Now that I do not have Heavenly Dew, it will be difficult to replenish the essence blood I expended."

Gu Chensha looked over. "If I can find the flesh of the Evil God again, then I will be able to produce an endless supply of Sun and Moon Dragon Blood." "That's true."

Lou Baiyue suddenly grabbed out. Many of the skeletons on the ground split apart. They went a hundred feet deep and actually swept up a thousand-year-old bone demon that had been lying in ambush.

This bone demon's entire body seemed to be made of colored glass. It gave off a luster. Clearly, it was an expert at the Glass Body Realm. After dying here, their bones had been corroded by evil Qi. Over time, they had turned into demons.

This bone demon was stronger than the other five, but in front of Lou Baiyue, it could not withstand a single blow. It was still bound by countless runes. After a full thirty breaths, it was completely turned into a slave. Gu Chensha still dripped blood on it and turned it into his slave. Now, he had six thousand-year-old bone demons.

But Gu Chensha realized that although they were smarter than normal skeletons, they were still really dumb. They could carry things, but it was impossible for them to build beautiful palaces and lay out formations.

They didn't have that kind of creativity and could only do rough work. If it was a human expert at Dao Realm Stage Seven or Eight, even if they were from the Monster Race, they could craft treasures and build formations. But these bone demons couldn't. At most, they could open up mountains, cut down trees, clear out mud, and hunt. They were far from the Strong Ghost Gods of the Celestial Craft Institute.

Those ghosts were formless and unpredictable. Their understanding of formations exceeded many experts and they were able to build formations like the Xuanwu Ocean Formation easily.

If these bone demons were to build, they might just dig out a cave and they would be no different from primitive humans.

But that was enough. At least for such rough work in the wilderness, one needed a large amount of manpower.

The Six Headed Bone Demon's killing power was still very strong. When it moved forward again, it was as easy as crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood. Any skeleton that appeared would not be able to escape the fate of being smashed to pieces. It swept forward for another hundred miles, but it still did not leave the Plain of Bones.

"Slow down." Suddenly, Lou Baiyue told Gu Chensha to stop.

"What happened?" Gu Chensha was in the mood to kill.

The more skeletons he killed here, the less of a threat they would pose when the Bone Burial Land exploded.

"Keep the six bone demons." Lou Baiyue said, "I sense Li Wangsheng's aura." "What? Li Wangsheng? "

Gu Chensha kept the six bone demons into the Sun Moon Altar. The King Dragon Armor on his body moved and he hid his body.

The King Dragon Armor stuck to his skin and merged with his pores. Vital energy was injected into the armor and it circulated. The King Dragon Armor was supported by his vital energy and became more and more magical.

"It is useless."

Lou Baiyue said, "It is useless. The King Dragon Armor is strong and you have refined it to the extreme. But to Li Wangsheng, he can see through it right away. Unless you hide within the Sun Moon Altar." "There is always some protection."

Gu Chensha had a murderous look on his face. "With my current strength, I want to challenge Eternal Motionless. Although I am seven levels lower than him, I still have a chance of winning." "The chance is very small."

Lou Baiyue said, "He has a lot of trump cards that he didn't use against Li Wangsheng. Don't underestimate him. It is not easy to become a genius disciple of a Sage family. The combat strength he's displaying now is far from that. "

"So you're saying that the combat strength he displayed was all an act?" Gu Chensha said in astonishment, "Then isn't his scheming too deep?"

"Now that my cultivation is profound, I found that this person is greedy for Yuan Shasheng and Li Wangsheng. He wants to devour them." Lou Baiyue said, "He is very ambitious."