Chapter 190
===========

"Yuan Shasheng, I know you're also hiding many things, but you've spent your entire life's effort on the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. In order to refine this pagoda, you've killed who knows how many ancient giant beasts, and you've even harmed many living beings, sacrificed to the Evil God, and taken things by force. You've offended people everywhere, excavated many ancient tombs, and finally refined the prototype of the Dragon Transformation Pagoda.

If Chen Sha hadn't taken this pagoda away, I'm afraid you would have used this pagoda to cultivate the Golden Elixir of the Eighteen Transformations, "Lou Baiyue said. While speaking, she grabbed Gu Chensha's hand. Xiantian energy charged into his body.

When Gu Chensha sensed this Stellar Energy, he immediately activated the Sun and Moon Dragon Handle in his body to meet it.

Their Xiantian energy instantly intertwined in their bodies. Gu Chensha felt that his Sun and Moon Dragon Handle, which was a little difficult to use, became much more agile.

Dao Realm Six Transformation Xiantian energy could only be released but couldn't be retracted. Gu Chensha estimated that he would need to cultivate for a few more months to be able to use it freely. Only then would he be able to break through to the seventh transformation. At that time, his combat strength would increase by several times.

Dao Realm Seven Transformation's usage of Xiantian energy was far from what Six Transformation could compare to.

Now, Lou Baiyue's Xiantian energy merged with his Sun and Moon Dragon Handle and it actually started to transform. Both of their energies became really agile and thicker.

Gu Chensha injected all of his Sun and Moon Dragon Handle into Lou Baiyue's body while Lou Baiyue's God Slaying Energy entered his body too. Just like that, the cycle repeated. Every breath was a big cycle.

Under the continuous cycle, Gu Chensha's Xiantian energy swallowed and spat out. It boiled like flames and spun around his meridians.

Lou Baiyue's cultivation was also nourished by the Sun and Moon Dragon Handle. It was like adding oil to a fire. Black and white energy surged out from her head and intertwined with one another, forming all sorts of pictures. Kacha! She actually broke through another level and reached Dao Realm Transformation 12, Soul Snatching.

As for Gu Chensha, the astral energy in his body came to life, merging with his will. It spun a few times in his mind, then suddenly flew out, transforming into numerous dragons and snakes behind him, which then burrowed back into his body. He also cultivated to Dao Realm Transformation Seven and rose into the air.

At the same time, he also understood the foundation of the seven transformations. It was to fuse Xiantian astral energy with one's will, causing the astral energy to be imbued with one's heart blood aura. After circulating it many times, it would become something like an arm. That way, it could be retracted and released at will. It could take on many forms, be it sabers, swords, bows, birds, humans, beasts …

If one cultivated to the Dao Realm Eight Transformation Samadhi True Fire, the Xiantian Energy would be much more agile and its strength would be much stronger. The pinnacle of Innate Stellar Energy was to multitask a thousand times with one's mind.

When one reached this level, one's mind would be divided into a thousand parts, and the circulation of innate energy would also be endless. Buzz …

Just like that, in the space of a few dozen breaths, the two of them had both risen to higher levels. They looked at each other, and both felt that their astral energies had fused together and cultivated with each other. It was truly seamless, completely natural, and inseparable.

Only then did they understand why the Heaven Talisman Emperor tried so many times to bring them together.

After cultivating to Dao Realm Seven Transformation, Gu Chensha was several times stronger than when he killed the Lightning Beast King. If he faced the Lightning Beast King now, he would be able to kill it instantly. He wouldn't even have a chance to fight back. Sun Moon Kill's mysteries all relied on the Xiantian Astral Energy.

Moreover, there were many techniques to craft treasures that required the use of Xiantian Astral Energy.

"I really envy the two of you."

The Fourth sensed the changes and exclaimed, "Father's taste isn't bad. The two of you are really a suitable couple." "The two of you."

Yuan Shasheng, Li Wangsheng, and Lulu Ha looked at Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue holding hands and their auras getting stronger and stronger. They were instantly filled with fear.

"The two of you improved again?" Li Wangsheng wanted to retreat.

He had seen how Gu Chensha had killed the Thunder Beast King, Lei Wusha. He and Lei Wusha could be considered fellow disciples. Lei Wusha had once been taught by his father, Li Wanlong, and was now the leader of the Thunder Beast Tribe. He was the backbone of the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons, but he had actually been killed without a sound. Gu Chensha, who he didn't care about at all, was now a huge enemy in his heart. In terms of strength, Gu Chensha was indeed a strong enemy.

"How comfortable. My King Dragon Armor, Demon Descending Blade, and Dragon Gate are all being nourished."

As the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy cycled back and forth, it once again rushed into the three magic treasures. Even Lou Baiyue could feel the wonders of the dragon gate.

"You actually turned the Dragonization Pagoda into the prototype of the Dragon Gate. This is no small matter. However, the Dragon Gate is still weak and needs nourishment. I have an idea. Your Sea Carrying Gourd can store Innate Stellar Energy and other treasures. It has its own space inside and can be refined into the Dragon Gate," Lou Baiyue said carefully.

"I am also proficient in refining treasures. However, to refine a treasure with its own space into the Dragon Gate, one must be an ancient almighty who has cultivated to the level of Seamless Realm." Gu Chensha frowned.

"It's fine. Don't forget, you can use the Heavenly Dao to refine it."

Lou Baiyue said, "With the Sacrificial Method, as long as you have enough souls, you can do anything." This was Soul Transmission, directly appearing in the mind.

That's a good idea. I can use the Seamless Sacrificial Art. As long as I use the Interlinking Branches and the offering of souls, I will be able to fuse two magic treasures intimately together. Gu Chensha quickly considered the matter.

The Sea Carrying Gourd was a treasure from Buzhou Palace. It was a container used by the Emperor to store Heaven Dew. If it was merged into the Dragon Gate, it would benefit the Dragon Gate.

"If the two of us work together, along with the Fourth, can we fight against Dao Realm Transformation Experts?" Gu Chensha observed the situation around.

"Dao Realm 18 Transformation Grand Dao Golden Core level experts can't do anything to us."

Lou Baiyue was really confident, "But if we face such an expert, we still have to be careful. Golden Core is formed from the combination of one's soul and Xiantian energy, along with the five element changes and heaven and earth lightning techniques. Once the Golden Core is formed, one's lifespan will increase by 1,000 years."

Gu Chensha nodded his head. He knew that the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body could at most live for 300 years. Even if one cultivated to 16, they could at most extend their lifespan to 500 years. Each time one used a body, one's soul would be heavily damaged.

After cultivating the 18 Transformation Grand Dao Golden Core, one would at least have 1,000 years of lifespan.

Not only that, but the attacks and methods of the Golden Core Dao were not ordinary and were totally unimaginable. Once they were used, they could break mountains and rivers with a flip of their palms. The three of them faced off against the other three. Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, Gu Huasha, the three department heads of Jingxian Division. Li Wangsheng, Yuan Shasheng, Luluha. Two Barbarian Race Patriarchs and one Monster Saint's son. They all represented the top powers. Originally, when the Imperial Court set up Jingxian Division, many people were laughing at them.

But this time, Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and Gu Huasha had appeared out of nowhere and killed many elites of the Brute Tribe. They had established their might in one fell swoop, and no one dared to look down on them anymore. Outside Buzhou Palace, Luo Xiu and Jin Suibo were hiding and watching.

"I didn't expect this kid to be so amazing."

Jin Suibo acted like this was the first time he had seen Gu Chensha, "Even if I thought that he wasn't ordinary, it still exceeded my understanding."

"One Lou Baiyue is already shocking enough. He can actually fight against the Natural Saint Fa Wuxian."

Luo Xiu was very respectful of the Natural Saint, "This Gu Chensha is also not simple. I wonder who will get this Buzhou Palace?"

"If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor acted, then Buzhou Palace must belong to the Imperial Court. But now it seems that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor doesn't want to act, but sent these three juniors to train them." Jin Suibo said, "And the Barbarian Saint died and Li Wanlong didn't act. The situation is a bit confusing, but this Buzhou Palace is not a small matter. All the powers want it, maybe they are waiting for a chance to act. " As soon as he finished. Suddenly, something strange happened. In the distance, a rainbow descended. The rainbow dissipated, and a group of people appeared in the center of Buzhou Palace.

The leader was a middle-aged man wearing a red robe and a red crown. He looked extremely dignified, and his aura was like that of the Lord of the Immortal Dao. He held great power in his hands, and he walked like a dragon. Even the most ordinary person would feel that this person held supreme power when they saw him.

"Scarlet Cloud Mystic Sect's Grand Elder, Xiao Yan.

This person is one of the true leaders of Scarlet Cloud Mystic Sect. He is in charge of one of the nine great celestial palaces, Flame Cloud Palace. He has cultivated to the Great Dao Golden Core long ago, and his cultivation is unfathomable. He is probably above 20 changes of Dao Realm. "Jin Suibo said fiercely," It seems like Scarlet Cloud Mystic Sect is determined to get this Buzhou Palace. " "Xiao Yan!

This person is an unparalleled genius. He entered Scarlet Cloud Mystic Sect 300 years ago and cultivated to the Great Dao 150 years ago. "Luo Xiu knew some secrets.

"Let's see how many changes he is at. Anyone who can cultivate to 18 changes of the Great Dao in a celestial sect has to announce it to the world. All the celestial sects will send people to congratulate them and hold a banquet to show that a talent has appeared in the sect. I was invited before, but I was busy and didn't go. "

Jin Suibo sighed, "This Xiao Yan has brought such a large group of experts. I'm afraid no one can compete with him.

However, Scarlet Cloud Mystic Sect suffered a great loss a few days ago. Elder Wangji was cultivating in the sect when the Heavenly Talisman Emperor actually captured him from the imperial court. He is now locked up and treated as a slave. He has to repair bridges and roads among the people, and concoct pills to save people. He will only be released after three years of hard labor. " "There is such a thing?

That Scarlet Cloud Mystic Sect has lost so much face. They will definitely be irreconcilable with the imperial court. "Luo Xiu's body shook. At this time, the six people separated and looked at the people from Scarlet Cloud Mystic Sect.

"You are the three department heads of the newly established Calming Immortal Bureau?"

Xiao Yan's gaze swept across the area. He ignored Yuan Shasheng, Li Wangsheng, and Luluha. Instead, he looked at Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and The Fourth. Lou Baiyue frowned. She felt a strong sense of enmity. Gu Chensha nodded slightly, "Yes."