Chapter 730
===========

When a Martial Sage ascended to the Heavenly Venerate Realm, it naturally couldn't be hidden from some big shots. Ascending to the Heavenly Venerate Realm was actually a way of breaking the shackles of the Heavenly Daos and entering the Transcendent Realm. During this process, there would be intense clashes and collisions with the Heavenly Daos. As a result, there would be a series of disturbances that would bring about tribulations. The so-called tribulations were divided into heavenly tribulations and man-made disasters.

Heavenly Tribulation is when you become an Empyrean. If you resist the Heavenly Dao, the Heavenly Dao will come to erase your will.

Apart from that, the Human Calamity was breaking through to the Empyrean Realm. If the commotion was too great, it would naturally attract the attention of many masters, who would come to capture and refine them. When a peerless powerhouse ascended to the Empyrean Realm, there was a transformation process.

During this process of transformation, one had to constantly resist the will of the Heavenly Dao and transform one's Sage World Power into the power of an Empyrean, which had a certain characteristic of "Heaven". In this way, a person's combat power would be at its weakest. In this state, it was the enemy's best chance.

If he could capture a Heavenly Venerable who was in the process of ascending, then he would simply strike it rich, and it would not be inferior to obtaining a supreme treasure like the Immortal Slaying God Exterminating Gourd.

At this time, an Empyrean's resistance was extremely weak and it was easy for others to take advantage of them. Moreover, they were just a big piece of juicy meat. Since ancient times, those that were able to ascend to the Empyrean realm had not faced natural disasters, but man-made disasters. Think about it, what kind of existence was an Empyrean?

If it was under normal circumstances, it would basically be a great existence that suppressed countless worlds, traversed countless space-time, and dominated many dimensions.

Wanting to capture an existence of this level was simply courting death. Not being captured by an Empyrean and refined into a magic treasure was already very good. In the long river of history.

There were many unparalleled giants who broke through the shackles of the Heavenly Dao and became Empyreans. They could resist the crushing power of the Heavenly Dao, but during the transformation process, they fell to man-made disasters.

An Empyrean in the midst of transforming would cause too great of a disturbance. This aura couldn't be concealed no matter what, and it would spread throughout the heavens. All of the giants would come over when they received this news. It was like a swarm of flies that had smelled blood. The first to arrive was the master of the sun and moon, Gu Tiansha!

He unleashed the power of the Great Chiliocosm of the Great Chiliocosm of the Great Chiliocosm of the Great Chiliocosm of the Great Chiliocosm of the Great Chiliocosm of the Great Chiliocosm. In the face of such power, even Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master would have to retreat.

"Lord of Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha's power has improved again."

When Gu Chensha saw this power pressing down on him, he immediately sensed something. Although he hadn't cultivated to the god-level, he had experienced the process of becoming a Heavenly Venerate together with a Martial Sage. Hence, his ability to use the Heavenly Dao was incomparable to before.

As the power of the Sun-Moon Great Chiliocosm weighed down on him, he activated his Heaven-Dao Magic and found many openings that would allow him to escape death.

Right now, even if he used the power of the Paramita Golden Mountain and the Life's Wish sphere, he still wouldn't be able to withstand the power of the sun and moon. After all, no matter how strong the Paramita Golden Mountain was, it was only a medium-class world. The sun and moon were the pinnacle of the Boundless World.

Even the Mysterious Yellow Great Chiliocosm, Mystique Great Chiliocosm, Saha Great Chiliocosm, and Central Great Chiliocosm couldn't compare to the power of the Sun and Moon Great Chiliocosm.

Even if the current Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, could only use a tiny bit of the source power of the Sun and Moon Great Chiliocosm, it was still extremely terrifying. It could completely break through the power of a medium-class world.

Fortunately, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha's cultivation level was still too low. He had never been able to break through to the Sage Realm. In other words, his cultivation level hadn't broken through to the 33 Transformations of the Truth Saint Heart. Otherwise, the Calming Immortal Department would have to face tremendous pressure.

"Martial Sage, why did you do this? I originally wanted to help you break through to the Heavenly Lord Realm, but you weren't willing. Under my protection, even if you broke through to the Heavenly Lord Realm, no one would have any designs on you. However, you betrayed me and sided with the Calming Immortal Department. Now that you've become a Heavenly Lord, the Calming Immortal Department won't be able to protect you."

As the palm enveloped them, Gu Tiansha's figure also appeared. He looked at Gu Chensha and the Martial Sage, a playful smile on his face. "Gu Chensha, I rescued Wang Chengshi and the others from your hands. You returned a tooth for a tooth by snatching the Martial Emperor and Martial Sage from my hands. You've really gotten back at me. However, I really admire you. You've cultivated the Heaven-Dao Magic and have the qualifications to contend against me. It's precisely because of this that devouring you will be even more valuable. "

At this time, Gu Tiansha's palm had already wrapped around Gu Chensha and the Martial Sage, wanting to bring them within.

"Lord of the Sun Moon, why must you go against the imperial court?"

Gu Chensha silently circulated the Heaven-Dao Magic, sensing the energy of the sphere of the Life's Will and the Paramita Golden Mountain, forming a restriction around him. At the same time, he channeled his energy into the Great Stone Wall, causing it to feel as though he was one with the entire Great Stone Wall. The energy of the Paramita Golden Mountain was golden in color, containing buddhic light. As for the energy of the sphere of the Life's Will, it was green in color. The two energies fused together, one golden, the other green.

Just like gold and jade, they formed a defensive circle. For a moment, Gu Tiansha found it hard to break through.

"The Paramita Golden Mountain is a good item, I can use it."

The Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, didn't seem to be in a hurry. He only secretly circulated the energy of the Sun Moon Great Thousand to compress the barrier. At the same time, he slowly spoke, "Going against the imperial court?

The imperial court is me, and I am the imperial court. I'm a mighty existence born from the conflict between the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the heavenly dao. None of you can compare to me.

This world is my world. I'm also the Lord of the Sun Moon, illuminating the world with boundless merit. Do you really think that with your status, you can inherit the throne? "

"Whether or not you're an existence born from the conflict between the Heavenly Emperor and the heavenly dao, that's still a question."

Gu Chensha continued, "Stop bragging here. Who knows, maybe you were the one who stole the power of the sun and moon. Because you're still far from reaching the realm of being one with the sun and moon, you're still a little different from the legendary Lord of the Sun Moon."

"Pigheaded." The Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, shook his head. "I'm giving you a chance, why don't you take it?

If you submit to me now, your Calmness Celestial Division won't be destroyed in the future. My patience is limited. Since you want to go against me, I can only kill you with lightning speed. " "You want to kill me? You can't do it."

Gu Chensha narrowed his eyes. "My status is higher than yours because I've cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art. You don't!

Even if you're the true Lord of the Sun Moon, an existence born from the conflict between Imperial Father and the heavenly dao, you're still inferior to me. This is the point where you can never compare to me. Imperial Father gave me the Heavenly Dao Art, but you, you should be a vile spawn, right? " "What?"

When the Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha heard the words' vile spawn ', his expression changed drastically. It was as if Gu Chensha had poked a sore spot in his heart. Instantly, an overwhelming killing intent enveloped the surroundings. Even the sunlight in the sky dimmed.

"Not good!"

At this moment, many powerhouses were observing from the shadows. They were prepared to act at any time to capture the Martial Sage. However, the sudden and enormous killing intent shocked many powerhouses.

Standing in the depths of the space-time turbulence, Wan Senshi, who was watching the scene on the Great Stone Wall, also changed his tone. This was because he could feel the fury of the Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, who wanted to destroy everything and destroy the heavens and earth.

Thinking about it, the Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, had used his own sacrifice to revive the Martial Sage. In other words, the power of his sacrifice in one incense stick's time was much more terrifying than the power of the Wu Clan's seven or eight thousand years of sacrifices and countless generations of disciples. Naturally, his anger was also extremely terrifying.

"This kind of power can cause great harm to us."

The Immortal Master and Wan Senshi stood side by side. Looking at the Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha's fury, they actually didn't go forward to take advantage of it.

"This child's identity is special. He has many hidden techniques."

Wan Senshi said, "Among the ancient sorcery, there is the strongest fist technique, the Thirty-six Divine Fists. It can only be activated by the power of the heart. One of them is the Fist of Anger. The greater the anger, the stronger the fist technique.

Looking at this child's current anger, if he were to use this fist technique, even the Sorcerer Ancestor would be no match for him. " "It's a pity for the Sorcerer Ancestor."

The Immortal Master sighed and said, "Originally, he was an ancient existence like us. He was almost as old as the heavens and earth. He was also born in the primordial chaos. Unfortunately, he encountered many tribulations and his vitality was greatly damaged. It was difficult for him to recover. It was only a matter of time. However, he actually cooperated with the Great Spirit God and wanted to devour the Great Spirit God to recover his strength quickly. In the end, he was trapped in his own trap. Instead, he was devoured by the Great Spirit God. He ended up being consigned to eternal damnation. "

"Actually, I've always been wondering how the Mighty Miracle God managed to devour the Sorcerer Ancestor. The Sorcerer Ancestor is the same as us, an immortal existence. Even if we encounter a calamity, we will at most fall into a deep slumber. Essentially, there is nothing that can kill us. Under certain circumstances, we can still be reborn.

Wan Senshi said, "But now, I feel that the Sorcerer Ancestor's aura and imprint have completely disappeared. There is no longer any trace of him in this world. How did the Great Spirit God do this? Completely devour? Doesn't that mean that he can also devour us? His intrinsic realm is even higher than ours? " "The Great Spirit God is a huge threat to us," the Immortal Master said.

"He is a strange existence. It can be seen from how he was able to break Gu Taxian's seal. Since he devoured the Sorcerer Ancestor, he will naturally think of a way to devour us.

We have to guard against this. Of course, the appearance of such a thing is also beneficial to us. As long as we capture him and study him, we will definitely be able to discover many of his secrets. It will be extremely beneficial to our breakthroughs. "