Chapter 451
===========

The Heavenly Demon Tree itself was a supreme treasure researched by the Sage of the Demon Race.

The Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise were the peak existences of the Monster Clan. If the Four Great Sacred Beasts could absorb the Heavenly Demon Tree and condense it together, the vitality of the entire tree would be much stronger, and the Yuan Qi inside the sphere would be more abundant.

Moreover, the Azure Dragon controlled the Yi Wood Qi, which had a great nourishing effect on any tree. If he didn't make good use of Dou Nineteen, Zhuge Ya would feel sorry for himself.

With Dou Nineteen's identity, he could still use his connections to intimidate the Immortal Dao Sect once. It was not impossible for him to ask the Black Heaven Earth Sect for an Azure Dragon egg.

If they didn't give him face, Zhuge Ya would naturally have a way to create a huge rift between the Black Heaven Earth Sect and the three Heavenly Venerables.

"Gu Chensha has cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art. It's indeed very difficult to divine his whereabouts. Other than that, if he were to transform into an ordinary person, there's no way to detect him at all. This kind of person is extremely dangerous, much more powerful than my Transformation Fruit." Dou Nineteen knew the wonders of the Heavenly Dao Art. Minute Dust Art, Boulder Art, Vajra Art, True Dragon Art, Heavenly Dao Art.

As for the quality of the last Heavenly Path technique, the three Heavenly Venerables must have researched it.

Of course, research was just research. It was still impossible to cultivate it successfully. Even if he used the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman to carry out the Guardian Emperor's Great Ritual, it would only be treating the symptoms and not the root of the problem. His own essence was not the Heavenly Dao Arts, so over time, the power of the Guardian Emperor's Great Ritual would also dissipate, fusing into his own magic power.

Dou Nineteen's Transformation Fruit merely transformed into another form, and no one would be able to recognize it.

However, if an expert were to diligently calculate and expend magic power, they would still be able to calculate it.

As for the Heavenly Dao, it was to sever fate. In the Heavenly Dao, that person no longer existed. Since he didn't exist, there was no way to divine him. This was also the reason why Gu Chensha could hide himself perfectly in the future.

This was the true power of the Heaven's Path technique. It wasn't the strength of the technique, but the perfect fusion.

"The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's bloodline is so powerful?

I'm sure that the reason why Gu Chensha was able to cultivate the Heavenly Dao Technique is because of Gu Taxian's bloodline. "

"If I can obtain Gu Taxian's bloodline, I'll definitely be able to break through all the shackles and suppress my fellow disciples. I'll become the number one subordinate of the three Celestial Sovereigns. Those brothers of mine, heh heh heh … they've always mocked me and even bullied me in secret. I can bet on both sides and obtain many things. I can also protect my true body. This Zhuge Ya has captured my true body. If he really uses all kinds of curses, I'll be in great danger. I don't have any other choice.

I can only feign civility and preserve my life first. Moreover, I can also join forces with the Profound Immortal Dao Sect to plot against the Immortal Tranquil Department. "

Zhuge Ya smiled at Dou Nineteen. How could he not understand what he was thinking? "Are you thinking of joining forces with the Black Heaven Earth Sect to attack us?

I'd advise you not to play around like that, because I can use your true body to control your clone's every move. Moreover, the Black Heaven Earth Sect won't do you any good, and our Immortal Tranquil Department has always been honest. " "Hmph!"

Dou Nineteen knew that he had been seen through. "I'll bring the Azure Dragon egg and the White Tiger egg over. Our deal can begin now."

"Of course. But before that, your true body has to stay with me as a guest." Zhuge Ya would never release Dou Nineteen's true body.

Dou Nineteen also understood this. "I'll take this opportunity to observe the secrets of the Heavenly Demon Tree."

Zhuge Ya smiled and closed his eyes without saying a word. He was channeling his own magical power to comprehend the supreme mysteries. After obtaining Dou Nineteen's memories, it had been of great help to his own cultivation. As he slowly channeled his magical power, the Heavenly Demon Tree produced waves of pure Vital Qi that flowed into his body. At the same time, he channeled his own magical power into the Taiyi Pearl, refining it repeatedly to make it even purer.

"The Heavenly Demon Tree and the Taiyi Pearl. These two treasures can aid my cultivation. Even I don't get such treatment."

Dou Nineteen was a bit envious. He looked over at the Vermillion Bird and the Black Tortoise, who had built a nest in the middle of the Heavenly Demon Tree and were cultivating there. "If I could have those two holy beasts as my mounts, that would be perfect."

He couldn't cultivate. He couldn't absorb any vital energy within the Life's Wish sphere, and his magic power was completely restrained. He couldn't even move about freely. It was a very depressing feeling.

However, he felt like he had just survived a calamity. When he had been captured by Gu Chensha, he had thought he was dead for sure. Now that he was still alive, it was a miracle.

"The Lord of Seven Stars is easier to deal with than Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha has quite a bit of a fiendish aura, and doesn't care about the consequences. If he wants to kill someone, he'll just kill them. Hotheads like that are the worst to deal with." Dou Nineteen tried to figure out what the people from the Celestial Calmness Bureau were up to.

He wanted to escape, but the more he thought about it, the more he felt fear for Gu Chensha. He realized that even if Gu Chensha killed him, as long as he hid, the three celestials wouldn't be able to find him.

As Zhuge Ya cultivated, he could sense Dou Nineteen's emotions. He knew that there was a dark shadow in the man's heart that he would never be able to get rid of. Perhaps Gu Chensha could use this to subdue him. Gu Chensha had finally finished surveying the area around the lake and waterfall.

Suddenly, he flew into the sky and released all 360 Common People's Generals. They stood in their positions and covered a hundred miles of land.

"Fire!" Gu Chensha activated his magic power.

The three hundred and sixty marshals immediately split off some of their magic power, which transformed into enormous fireballs that fell to the ground. RUMBLE!

Everything within fifty kilometers was transformed into a sea of fire. Even the rocks, forests, mud, swamps, everything was transformed into lava.

These flames were the flames of the five elements, formed from magic power. They were incredibly fierce, and were the most profound when it came to refining magical treasures.

It did not take long for everything within a radius of 100 li to turn into lava. All of the poisonous gases and impurities were smelted away by the flames. Then, under the control of the magic power, the lava floated up into the air and turned into huge palaces and schools.

"Heavenly Stars!"

The palaces that emerged from the lava were made of stone that had been refined into something like jade. At this point, Gu Chensha waved his hand, and the power of the stars in the sky was drawn to his magic. Starlight poured down like a waterfall, transforming into a river that flowed into the earth, transforming the stones into motes of stars.

Then, Gu Chensha drew a line in the air, and a giant whirlpool seemed to appear in the sky, directly connecting to the Spiritual World. Countless amounts of spiritual energy descended, turning into a downpour that landed on the palaces and into the lava, merging into it.

This spiritual rain lasted for a full two hours, and when the lava cooled down, it turned into a beautiful scene. Within a hundred miles, palaces stood in great numbers, and the ground was covered in dazzling star stones. It was filled with spiritual energy, and in the center of these palaces, there was a huge pool. The palaces themselves formed a natural formation.

Within this huge pool, there was already a thin layer of spiritual liquid. Above it, a cloud appeared. That cloud seemed to be the gathering of spiritual energy, and it condensed. The spiritual rain that fell continuously fell into the huge pool in the center.

Those large ponds were where the original lakes used to be. However, the water in them was suppressed in the Underground Yin River. Gu Dusha had used the Yin River to turn it into a huge Underground Yin Dragon.

Gu Chensha turned the original huge lake into a spiritual pool, imitating the Universe Lightning Pool. After accumulating enough spiritual energy, he injected it into the Yin river, causing the Yin river to gradually gain the nature of a dragon, turning it into a spiritual object that protected the earth veins of this area. Gu Chensha's methods were already godly.

If anyone in the Mystic Immortal Dao Sects saw that he could casually use his magic to absorb spiritual energy, and turn it into spiritual rain, their eyes would pop out.

If he had such ability, then as long as there was one person in the Mystic Immortal Dao Sects, he would be invincible.

As Gu Chensha constructed and set up the formation, he discovered the profoundness of the Heaven Dao Technique. The creation and nurturing of spiritual energy were far from what the True Dragon Technique could compare to.

Especially when it came to absorbing spiritual energy, immortal energy, and the power of the stars, it was a hundred times better than any other expert. Honglong!

After Gu Chensha completed the construction of these palaces, he pressed down. His magic seeped into the depths of the earth veins, gathering all the power together to form a huge formation.

Looking at the academy that he built, Gu Chensha nodded his head in satisfaction. During the construction process, he sensed the profoundness of the Heaven Dao Technique.

The most terrifying thing about the Heaven Dao Technique wasn't fighting with people, but building, accumulating strength, and expanding one's influence.

Just like when two countries fought, what they competed on wasn't the strength of their troops but the overall strength of the country. Whichever country was strong and good at management would be able to use their troops to crush the other party. This was an unbreakable truth that had existed since ancient times. After Gu Chensha comprehended these changes, he had some plans in his heart.

He flew into the sky and collected the 360 Generals of Common People. Then, he looked at the academy and activated the Heavenly Dao Technique. He covered up the light of the Star Jade in the entire palace, turning it into an ancient stone palace with an ancient aura.

Looking at it that way, this place looked like an academy that had existed since ancient times. It was filled with a culture that had been accumulated for thousands of years. To outsiders, it looked like a piece of stone.

Actually, the inside was filled with star jade, filled with spiritual energy and the power of the stars. This 100-mile area was filled with layers of palaces. At least a million students could live there. This was the academy headquarters. Next, they would start to recruit students.