Chapter 574
===========

Now that the Department of Tranquility had successfully resisted the first wave of the demon disaster and obtained the World-burying Coffin, its strength had improved tremendously. It was almost about to transform the mini chiliocosm in the sphere of People's Wish into a medium chiliocosm. The accumulation of such strength was already above that of Taiyi Fantasy Sect and the Universe Profound Sect.

Such a change could probably rival the Profound Sect of Heaven and Earth and become an absolute overlord in the Immortal Dao. Even in the demon disaster, as long as one dealt with it carefully, one might not die.

More importantly, Gu Chensha's Heavenly Great Path cultivation allowed him to transform into any existence. Even the three Heavenly Venerates couldn't detect or predict him. Even if his foundation was completely destroyed, he could still hide and wait for an opportunity to retaliate. Not many sects could withstand this kind of revenge.

Especially against Gu Chensha, the higher his cultivation, the more powerful his concealment methods. If this person became a god-level powerhouse, he would truly be a destructive existence.

Chang Weiyang estimated that if Gu Chensha became a god-level cultivator, she would not be a match for him in a one-on-one battle.

The higher the Heavenly Way cultivation, the more terrifying its destructive power and various means would be. It was not something that the True Dragon Method could compare with. Although it was only one ascension, it was a world of difference.

However, the only flaw was that with each increase in cultivation, Gu Chensha's response to the Heavenly Way would be more intense. It would be impossible for him to cultivate to the god-level. Like those sages, he would perish and become a part of the Heavenly Way in the end.

It would probably be much more difficult for Gu Chensha to cultivate to the god-level than for ordinary fools.

"The Buddhist Sect finally couldn't wait to take action."

Wen Hong said, "They actually stood in the Sin Province and began to resist the demon army, neutralize the demonic Qi, and illuminate the demons. This way, their image among the people will be completely spread, and they will accumulate faith and lay a solid foundation for their rise in the catastrophe."

"It seems that the Buddhist Sect has a powerhouse behind them. This is a very mysterious point of entry. Letting the higher-ups of the demons attack the Department of Tranquility, the Buddhist Sect will illuminate the low-level demons and turn them into guardian vajras to provide faith. This was simply a matter of small capital and huge profits. It seems that the Buddhist Sect will indeed begin to spread among the people in the future. How would the Tranquil Immortal Department respond?

After all, the Celestial Tranquility Department is supporting the Human Dragon Union. "Chang Weiyang saw everything clearly. With her intelligence, how could she not know what the Buddhist Sect was planning?

The entry point of the Buddhist Sect was very good. They could establish their image and convert the devil as their foundation.

Also, in the future, during the devil calamity, the Calming Immortal Department would have to support the Buddhist Sect. It was impossible for them to make such a powerful enemy. In that case, the Buddhist Sect would be able to spread their teachings and faith among the people, breaking the deity-less world created by the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor. This was something that could not be helped.

"At least for now, the appearance of the Buddhist Sect has blocked the Devil Calamity and reduced the pressure on the Celestial Tranquility Department."

Tai Xuan said, "It seems like this Demon Disaster is going to be like before, causing the world to bleed and the people to be wiped out. I don't think it will be possible."

In the past, when the Devil Calamity erupted, the imperial court would collapse and devils would wreak havoc everywhere. Even the Great Wu Dynasty of the Martial Emperor would instantly collapse when the Devil Calamity erupted.

But now, the strongest wave of the Devil Calamity didn't destroy the Celestial Tranquility Department. Instead, it gave the Celestial Tranquility Department an opportunity. Once they recovered, Gu Chensha would activate the Heavenly Dao Art and cause chaos among the devils.

"The Primordial Dragon Sect's talisman is about to collapse." Chang Weiyang could see everything clearly. They communicated using their spiritual wills and instantly analyzed the current situation. And now, from the moment the Devil Calamity erupted, only ten breaths of time had passed.

Within the Life's Wish sphere, the Primordial Dragon Sect's talisman finally couldn't withstand it and started to crumble. Once the talisman crumbled, it would no longer be able to transform into an attack. At that time, the sphere would have to face the Devil Calamity head-on. However, Gu Chensha wasn't shocked. Instead, he was overjoyed.

Because under the impact of the Devil Calamity, the talisman would crumble and he would be able to see the true essence of the Primordial Dragon Sect. He could also refine the talisman and fuse it into his body, improving his cultivation base. Bang! There was a huge explosion. Finally, the talisman couldn't take it anymore and started to crumble.

As for Gu Chensha's body, he started to devour the crumbling body of the talisman. This talisman was formed from a part of the Primordial Dragon Sect's Source. It was equivalent to a small incarnation of this treasure. After Gu Chensha devoured it, he immediately understood many of the secrets of the Primordial Dragon Sect. In fact, he even deduced the bits and pieces of the Saint Dragon Heart Sutra that he had obtained previously. It seemed like he had obtained even more mental sutras. Boom!

In this ten breaths of time, the Primordial Dragon Sect's talisman crumbled. However, the immense power of the crumbling devoured the black rainbow formed by the Devil Calamity, creating a vacuum.

Making use of this opportunity, Gu Chensha had already absorbed the talisman into his body and refined it completely.

Then, his body turned into a gigantic Primordial Dragon Sect, spewing out a massive amount of Dragon Nurturing Qi and Dragon Creation Qi.

At this moment, Gu Chensha's strongest transformation was not the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Saber, but the Primordial Dragon Sect. Of course, in terms of killing power, the flying saber was still more tyrannical.

Gu Chensha had absorbed the real saber qi, and now he had also absorbed the real Primordial Dragon Sect's talisman. He had also grasped the Heaven Sacrifice Decree for a period of time. This way, he seemed to have fused the power of the Primordial Tree, the Primordial Dragon Sect, and the Heaven Sacrifice Decree, these three supreme treasures of the world.

Because of this, countless illusory figures kept changing. Gu Chensha's combat power and magic power had increased to a terrifying level. Even Zhuge Ya, who had fused two Seven Star Profounds, could not compare to him.

Moreover, after fusing with the Primordial Dragon Sect's talisman, his body turned into the Primordial Dragon Sect and fused with the Life's Wish sphere. The entire sphere once again emitted a suction force and began to absorb the Devil Qi to attack.

However, at this time, the Devil Qi was also an arrow at the end of its flight. It could no longer cause any damage to the sphere. Weng …

The black rainbow-like Devil Qi was finally used up. However, Gu Chensha felt very regretful. If the Devil Qi attacked again, as the Devil Qi transformed, he would definitely be able to upgrade the Life's Wish sphere to a medium-class world.

And now, the sphere was just a little bit short. Just a little bit more, and it would be able to advance and undergo the final transformation.

If it could be upgraded, it would definitely be able to shock the world and make all the aristocratic families in the world not dare to move.

Otherwise, when the Devil Disaster broke out, the aristocratic families would all become independent and kill officials and rebel. Perhaps the world would still be in chaos.

However, at this time, the power of the Life's Wish sphere had completely surpassed all the Dharma Realms.

After devouring the World Burying Coffin, the sphere already had a certain characteristic of a medium-class world.

"Sphere, shrink!"

At the eleventh breath, the Devil Disaster attack was eliminated, and the sphere immediately shrunk and sealed itself. It was completely hidden, making it impossible for people to figure out where it was. At this moment, the Devil Disaster began to spread. Endless Devil Clouds came out from the depths of the Bottomless Sea of Sin to attack the Buddhist Sect.

All of a sudden, boundless golden light shone down from the Human Dragon Union's territory. Within that golden light, a golden mountain could be vaguely seen.

This was the power of the Paramita Golden Mountain. It seemed that the Buddhist Sect had invested a lot. In order to gain a foothold and fight against the Demon Race, they had not hesitated to cross distant space and time to pour their power down.

The moment the Buddhist Sect showed its might, the entire Sin Province was immediately covered in golden light. The demons that had just rushed out were all purified and turned into Guardian Vajra. This blow made the demons dizzy. The Devil Qi shrank back and actually no longer came out.

This Devil Disaster could be said to be a humiliation. It had directly erupted with great momentum and bombarded the Celestial Tranquility Department. Unexpectedly, the Celestial Tranquility Department had changed the stars and replaced the trees with flowers. Instead, they had obtained great achievements. Then, the Devil Disaster army that had rushed out, numbering in the millions, had all been purified by the Human Dragon Guild and turned into Guardian Vajra. These two blows had caused many experts of the Demon Race to not know what to do.

Meanwhile, in the distant desert, far away from the Divine Central Continent, the Sama Holy Empire was growing stronger and stronger under the management of Jing Qiu.

This empire was located in the depths of the desert, and was now filled with oases. Rivers and lakes gathered together, and lush greenery spread out in all directions. It was as if Jing Qiu wanted to turn the endless desert into green land.

If he succeeded, he would be transforming the land and creating life, which would be a source of great karma.

Jing Qiu was already standing in the sky, watching the changes in the Divine Continent. His eyes flickered with uncertainty. Next to him was Jing Fanxing.

Jing Fanxing's cultivation base was gradually recovering. Ever since Dou Nineteen had restored him to the level of a peerless genius, and he had even imparted some power to him, he had gained some ability.

"Patriarch, the Devil Disaster has erupted in the Divine Continent today. What's going on?"

Jing Fanxing's cultivation base was only at the level of the Ten Transformations Realm, which couldn't be compared to before. He couldn't see what was happening in the Divine Continent at all. The desert was simply too far away from the Divine Central Continent. Back when Gu Chensha had chased Jing Qiu, it had taken him several days and nights to fly. Only someone who had cultivated magical power would be able to see things from such a great distance. In fact, one would need to reach the level of the Twenty-Third Transformation, Past Reflection, to be able to see the distance. But Jing Qiu was different.

His cultivation base had already reached the level of the Twenty-Seventh Transformation, the Seamless Gap of Two Realms. He could tear through space, and at this level, it was no problem for him to see what was happening in the Divine Continent. At this level, he was not far from being a god. He was a candidate for the God Realm. Jing Qiu frowned. He had noticed something.