Chapter 825
===========

Sacrifice was the most important thing.

Gu Chensha killing a Celestial Lord and refining him into the Divine Land Gourd was far less valuable than subduing and persuading a Celestial Lord to worship his dao. A Celestial Lord, even a Sage, was like a hen that laid golden eggs.

Refining and killing them was like killing the goose that laid the golden eggs. The gains did not make up for the losses.

Unless it was absolutely necessary, Gu Chensha would not kill Celestial Lord Refining, even if he was an enemy.

In reality, although he had refined Xing Qiongshi into the Divine Land Gourd, he had not been killed. He had merely been sealed. When the time came, Gu Chensha would release him.

By releasing Dou Yiyu, Gu Chensha would be able to grasp some clues about the Punisher Heavenly King, and he would also be able to make Dou Yiyu submit completely. This matter was worth it.

"Chensha, we have already done our best to improve the quality of the nation's citizens and officials. Although the gains are great, we are still far from everyone becoming geniuses, let alone everyone becoming Sages." Gu Huasha also knew that the situation was urgent. "It seems like we can't help much now."

"Don't say that, Fourth Brother. Governing the world requires everyone's hard work. I am just in front. There are many things that need to be done by the Calming Deities Department. "

Gu Chensha knew that even if he had three heads and six arms, he would not be able to make a forest by himself. He was fighting everywhere and controlling the overall situation, while many of the Calming Deities Department's powerhouses were constantly operating and building. Without the people of the Calming Deities Department, the power of sacrifice would be reduced by at least thirty to forty percent.

"There are some things in the nation that must be taken care of. Right now, the Celestial Designer Institute is on the move again. Apart from that, a group of concubines in the palace has also begun their own wishful thinking. They are forming some Heavenly Mother Formation left behind by the Emperor. I don't know what the Emperor's intentions are, but I'm afraid it will cause all sorts of unrest in the future."

Lou Baiyue said, "If my guess is correct, that peacock has probably betrayed the Emperor and used the concubines to activate the Heavenly Mother Formation for another purpose."

"That's right. She wants to be the ruler of all demons, not just in name, but a true Demon Emperor. She wants to unify countless demons, and all the demons will submit to the Demon Emperor. The Heavenly Mother Formation was meant to gather the energy of the Demon Race.

Demons, Immortals, Devils, and Gods all have their own positions. If you are truly recognized by the Demon Clan, then with this fate energy, you will be able to receive a huge blessing when the Heavenly Court is established in the future. In the past, it was the Chaotic Era. The Master of All Demons was just a title conferred by himself behind closed doors. The strongest of the Demon Clan ranked each other. Now, things are different. Many of the Demon Clan's elders have appeared. That Li Wanlong and the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons will naturally find it difficult to control the situation. "Zhuge Ya seemed to understand the Demon Clan very well.

"We will handle the matter with the Demon Clan. Li Wanlong is ambitious, and his daughter Peacock is definitely not an ordinary person."

Wen Hong said, "I have some friendly relations with Li Wanlong. We can temporarily ally with him and see what he's up to. If he has other ambitions, we can directly subdue him." Although Wen Hong hadn't become an Empyrean, he naturally had an imposing aura when he spoke.

Li Wanlong had already become a Empyrean, and Wen Hong wasn't his match in terms of cultivation level. However, Wen Hong could still look down on him.

This was because Wen Hong himself was extremely strong. He could already fight against a Empyrean. Originally, he had the Endless Cauldron, and even a Empyrean couldn't do anything to him. Although he had given up on the Endless Cauldron, because he cultivated the techniques of the Celestial Calmness Department, his Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art had been raised to a terrifying level.

Now, Wen Hong's entire body moved. Countless Source Energies of the stars gathered on his body, forming an immortal robe. This immortal robe seemed to be communicating with the Source Energies of the Celestial World.

"Wonderful. Wan Senshi's greatest advantage is that he has obtained the recognition of the Celestial World's Source Energies. He can use a portion of the Celestial World's abilities. In theory, now that Uncle Wen has also obtained the recognition of the Celestial World's Source Energies, you can also use the power of the Celestial World's Source Energies. In that case, let alone a Empyrean, even a Heavenly Longevity Realm expert would find it difficult to do anything to you.

However, I feel that this method can be taken one step further. It can directly separate the Celestial World's Source Energies from Wan Senshi. "Gu Chensha couldn't help but laugh when he saw Wen Hong's cultivation level.

"This matter is very simple. My Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art strengthens the connection between the Celestial World and the stars. As long as I gather more people who have reincarnated from the stars and worship them together, I can extract the power of worship from them. Then, I can truly activate the stars and fuse them with the Celestial World, becoming one. With such merit, I can become the master of the Celestial World. My status will only be below that of the Emperor Heaven. Wan Senshi has the same idea. "Wen Hong had long since seen through some of the future trends. In the future, the Emperor Heaven would control the Heavenly Court and be high and mighty.

However, below him was the Human Realm, which was controlled by the Son of Heaven. In addition, there was the Demon Realm, the Demon Realm, the Immortal Realm, and the God Realm.

They were all vassal states that belonged to the Heavenly Court and listened to the Heavenly Court's orders. However, they also had their own internal systems. This was a necessary balance for the order of heaven and earth.

The Immortal Realm was a place where many powerhouses with magic power gathered. After entering the Immortal Realm, if one was outstanding, they could be promoted to the Heavenly Court as an immortal official. The Immortal Realm was the Immortal Realm, and the Heavenly Court was the Heavenly Court.

Gu Chensha had long since divined what the future of heaven and earth would be like. Naturally, Wen Hong was also making some arrangements.

"How many people have reincarnated from the stars in the world have our Calming Immortal Department collected?" Gu Chensha asked.

Everyone who had reincarnated from the stars was an unparalleled genius. If they cultivated the Saintly Dragon Heart Sutra a little, becoming an innate saint was just around the corner. Especially since these people's worship power contained the great fortune of heaven and earth. It was not something that ordinary unparalleled geniuses could compare to.

Gu Chensha knew that these people who had reincarnated from the stars would be Celestial Sovereign officials when the Heavenly Court was established. Their status could not be compared to that of ordinary immortals.

The moment he asked, General Chang People immediately began to calculate. In almost less than three breaths, the number was out. "Currently, our Calming Immortal Department has a total of 156 people who have reincarnated from the stars. They all have their own duties. Now, we have a total of 1,735 people who have reincarnated from the stars. These people have not joined the Calming Immortal Department. These people are constantly monitoring. If there is any movement, we will immediately capture them." "Not bad."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Everyone has their own aspirations. We cannot force them. If those 1,735 people who have reincarnated from the stars don't want to join the Calming Immortal Department, we cannot force them. In fact, there is no need to point out their identities. It is best if they voluntarily join. If we force them to join, it will instead create resentment. However, if they do anything that violates the law, we must capture them and strip them of their identities."

The Calming Immortal Department's attitude towards the people who had reincarnated from the stars was very clear. They would not come into contact with them. They would observe them in secret. If they voluntarily joined the Calming Immortal Department, it would mean that they truly approved of the ideals of the Calming Immortal Department. Then, they would be heavily nurtured. If they awakened and discovered that they were reincarnated from the stars and wanted to hide, not wanting anyone to know, that was fine too. As long as they did not violate the law, they would still be free.

Right now, many people who had reincarnated from the stars were secretly cultivating among the people, not revealing their identities. However, they did not know that everything about them had been recorded by the Calming Immortal Department and were constantly being observed.

"The number of reincarnated from the stars is actually just a drop in the bucket. In the future, the Heavenly Court will have a total of 129,600 Celestial Lords, as well as countless other minor stars.

Wen Hong said, "If we can bring all of these reincarnated Celestial Lords under our command and worship them together, my Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art will immediately reach great success. I will transcend time and space and approach immortality. My cultivation will immediately reach the Heaven Primordial Realm.

The number of one yuan in Sky Yuan is 129,600. Apart from that, the word 'Sky Yuan' refers to the position of Sky Yuan in the center of the chessboard. " "That's true."

Zhuge Ya agreed deeply. He was the Lord of the Seven Stars, and his understanding of the profound mysteries of the stars was not inferior to Wen Hong's. What Wen Hong wanted to do was closely related to him, and also the key to his breakthrough. "Based on my senses, when the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman arrives, the reincarnated from the stars will first awaken on a large scale. The world will be filled with crooks and honest folk.

The most terrifying are the stars of chaos. When these people descend, they will bring chaos to the world. For example, the Seven Murders, the Army Destroyer, the Ravenous Wolf. Some stars of calamity, devil stars, chaotic stars, and plague stars must be suppressed. " "That's natural."

Celestial Saint of Martial Arts said, "I'm also paying attention to many things. Right now, the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman is getting closer and closer. There are only a few months left. We seem to be united and indestructible, but who knows what kind of earth-shattering changes will occur at that time?

If all the reincarnated from the stars cause a ruckus, we can suppress them. But then the reincarnations of the heavenly kings, along with all sorts of external powers, the Devil Calamity, the Daemons, and the gods sealed by His Majesty will break out of their seals. The world will immediately fall into chaos, and we won't be able to stop it. "

"I've already calculated all of this. In the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman, our Imperial Court will indeed face a great tribulation. This tribulation will cause the world to collapse, and if we can't suppress it, the world will lose its heart. If we can suppress it, then we'll have a huge fight with the reincarnated Emperor Heaven in the future."

Gu Chensha said, "So in the next few months, we have to plan carefully. We absolutely can't let our guard down."

While Gu Chensha and the people of the Tranquil Immortal Department were discussing their next course of action, Dou Yi Yu had already fled the Divine Central Continent. He saw from a distance that the entire Divine Central Continent was enveloped in a heavenly net. This heavenly net could see everything down to the smallest detail. Even the slightest movement couldn't escape its surveillance. He immediately shivered.

"The Celestial Calmness Department is indeed terrifying, but at least I managed to escape."

Dou Yi Yu recalled his bet with Gu Chensha, and a cold smile appeared on her face. "My son is the Punisher Heavenly King? How could I have a son? "

Just as she was laughing coldly, a voice rang out. "Miss Yi Yu, I didn't expect you to escape from Gu Chensha's control." Dou Yi Yu turned his head. "Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha!" 。 a