Chapter 173
===========

"My fief now has a circumference of about three thousand miles, and only a tenth of it has been developed."

Gu Chensha said, "With the six Thousand Year Bone Demons, as long as we use them well, it won't be difficult to develop them all in a few years. Do you have any plans?" "Don't call me Fairy."

Bao Ming 'er smiled. "I'm a few years older than you. If you don't mind, how about calling me Sister?" This was clearly a way to get closer to him.

Gu Chensha's thoughts raced, but he would not refuse. "That's all I want. Sister Ming 'er, do you have any good ideas about the development of my fief?"

"Your fief has a circumference of three thousand miles. As your power expands, so will your territory. However, there are few people. Even if you conquer it, it will only belong to you in name. You won't get anything out of it. You will need to develop it, but it is nothing more than planting and breeding.

In this Wilderness, you can either plant fruit trees, rice, herbs, or breed bulls, horses, or raise birds of prey. The profits are also very good. "

Bao Ming 'er continued, "All of this requires manpower, especially the Herculean Bulls. They live in herds, and even a group of Martial Arts Grandmasters are not enough to take care of them. Dao Realm experts are too busy cultivating to do such things. But now that we have the Thousand-Year Bone Demon, things are different. I estimate that one Thousand-Year Bone Demon can take care of thousands of Herculean Bulls …"

Without thinking, Bao Ming 'er made a detailed plan. With a wave of her hand, she used her Connate Gang Qi to show the terrain of the mountains within a radius of thousands of miles around Gu Dusha. Then, she pointed out where they could open up grasslands for breeding, where they could open up wastelands for planting, and how they could build roads, open up wastelands, and change the Qi of the earth within a radius of thousands of miles.

Gu Chensha listened carefully. This was the way of governing and helping the people, nurturing the heart of a saint.

The ancient saints had the heart of the world, surpassing the gods. They did not cultivate in the mountains, but established businesses in the human world, and their names were passed down through the ages.

The more he listened, the more shocked he was. This Bao Ming 'er's plan was interconnected, and her economic skills far surpassed many ministers in the court.

"I didn't dare to confirm it in the past, but now I am certain that this woman is definitely one of the higher-ups of the Great Wei Dynasty. Otherwise, how could she know such a way of governing a country?"

Gu Chensha knew that most of the people in the Immortal Dao sects cultivated bitterly, wholeheartedly comprehending all kinds of Dao, Immortal Arts, and Battle Dao. How could they understand the business of the mortal world?

Bao Ming 'er was a true disciple of the Myriad Treasures Mysterious Sect. It was true that he had a high status, but he would never have such a deep understanding of the Dao of economics.

Take Luo Wu of the Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect as an example. Although she was extremely intelligent, she had no experience in governing a country. Therefore, her plans and actions were somewhat childish. However, Bao Ming 'er was different. With a few casual words, she was experienced in politics and her methods were smooth. It was obvious that she had a well-practiced strategy for governing a country. In an instant, Gu Chensha's heart was filled with love for talent.

"If I can subdue this woman and make her my subordinate, then I won't have to worry about the construction of the fief and the governance of the country.

However, this woman is not a simple character. Why would she rely on me? She can only be used. Of course, she is also using me. "

After Bao Ming 'er finished explaining her plan, she noticed that Gu Chensha was deep in thought. "What do you think of my plan, brother Chen?" "It's simply flawless. It can be said to be perfect."

Gu Chensha clapped his hands. "Sister Ming 'er, it would be a waste if you don't govern the country. Let's work together on the matters of the fief. How are we going to split the profits from the various breeding and planting?" "Thirty-seventy is fine. I'll take thirty and you'll take seventy."

Bao Ming 'er said, "According to my plan, each of the six thousand year bone demons will earn at least ten million each year. With a shake of your body, you will become the richest among the princes. The next step is to recruit talents. Talents are the most important. For example, in your fief, there are Liu Yu and the other four, as well as Long Zaifei. These six people will be able to soar in the future.

The school of Legalism has produced Fa Wuxian. In another five to ten years, the school of Legalism will probably be stronger than all of the sage families combined. "

"Talents are indeed important. Otherwise, the Profound Immortal Dao Sect wouldn't have spent so much effort to find disciples among the commoners."

Gu Chensha knew how powerful it was. If any sect found an unparalleled genius among the commoners, they would have struck it rich, not to mention a natural-born sage.

"Let's not talk about this for now."

Bao Ming 'er said, "These five metal essences have been soaked in Absolute Kindness Soft Water. They are good materials for crafting weapons and are quite rare. I will take them to craft some weapons." "It's okay."

Gu Chensha naturally wouldn't be stingy. He had even given the six thousand year bone demons, so he didn't care about these materials.

He knew that the six thousand year bone demons could only be used to their fullest potential in Bao Ming 'er's hands.

The six thousand year bone demons were not good at fighting, but they were good at working. Each bone demon occupied a few hundred miles of land, so it was easy for them to build.

For example, a hundred miles of fertile land, from planting, managing, harvesting, and transporting, would require at least tens of thousands of people to work. However, a thousand year bone demon could do it easily.

Thinking about it, if they used their Xiantian Earth Qi, they could plow the land, plant the seedlings, drain the water, dig ditches, and all other farm work. They were equivalent to experts of the Dao Realm Eight or Nine Transformations. If it was a human, such experts wouldn't be able to manage the land.

"These thousand year bone demons have low intelligence, so I still need to teach them how to manage the land and how to breed them.

It is best if they learn how to set up a Spirit Gathering Formation. That way, the efficiency will be higher. "Bao Ming 'er and Gu Chensha finished their discussion and left with the six thousand year bone demons. In the next month, apart from cultivating, Gu Chensha was managing the economy of the land.

It was the right decision for him to let Three Incense participate in the core operation of the land. Three Incense had been trained since young, and she was a genius. In terms of getting things done, not many of Gu Chensha's subordinates could compare to her.

As for Shi Zhongchan, he wasn't someone from the land. Recently, he was summoned by Dashi Marquis and had something to do.

During this month, there was still no news from Lou Baiyue, but Bao Ming 'er started to make her move.

She didn't know what method she used to increase the intelligence of the six thousand-year-old bone demons. Under her plan, the six demons started to move around. They cut down trees, cleared roads, built palaces, caught bulls, reared them, and even opened up fields and orchards. Roads, bridges, rivers, ponds, and houses were all opened and built. A giant farm was also built, and the strong bulls were raised within.

Those bulls were violent and could even kill Martial Path Grandmasters to eat their meat. However, they were really afraid of the thousand year bone demons.

In just this month, the construction of the entire land changed. The six bone demons were like a million laborers.

The wild land was huge and they lacked manpower. If Gu Chensha wanted to build, it wasn't realistic for him to send a million people to clear up the land. One had to know that it wasn't easy to manage a million people.

The thousand year bone demons didn't need to eat or drink at all. They were strong monsters and could absorb spiritual energy, making them extremely strong. They didn't know what fatigue was and were the best puppets.

Looking at the changes in his land, Gu Chensha really wanted to head to the Bone Burial Land to capture a few more.

Unfortunately, he didn't have the ability to subdue the thousand year bone demons, so he could only rely on Lou Baiyue.

After a month of cultivation, the qi and blood in his body had reached perfection, and he had also begun to understand more things about the Art of Clumsy Fist. His whole body's essence and Qi were restrained, and his brilliance was hidden deep. He had returned to his natural state. Even those who were many realms higher than him could not see through his cultivation.

In this month, because he had the support of large amounts of heavenly dew, he didn't hesitate to use his essence blood to feed the Black Tortoise baby.

The sea carrying gourd contained tens of thousands of kilograms of heavenly dew left by the ancient Emperor "Zhou". In the past, the heavenly dew was measured in drops, but now it was measured in kilograms.

Although the Black Tortoise baby still hadn't woken up, a large amount of Sun and Moon Dragon Blood was poured on the eggshell and seeped into it. Gu Chensha could clearly feel that its aura was much stronger, and the amount of immortal qi it breathed also increased. The entire land was surrounded by a powerful force. The majesty of the divine beast grew day by day.

"My Sun and Moon Dragon Blood is a first-class treasure in the world. If the Black Tortoise baby is fed with it every day, it will probably transform and become stronger than the Black Tortoise itself," Gu Chensha thought.

He looked around and saw that some of the fire dates and purple peaches planted in the gardens inside the castle were also quickly blooming and bearing fruit. They would ripen almost every other season. This was the result of the immortal qi.

In addition, there were some young boys and girls taking care of the trees, watering, and fertilizing them. The fertilizer was not feces, but pill ashes.

They were the disciples taught by Bao Ming 'er. After Gu Chensha let Luo Wu and Bao Ming' er open a branch in his fief, many children of nobles sent their children to study. They all wanted to have a relationship with the Mystic Immortal Dao Sect.

Gu Chensha also chose talents from among them and let his subordinates train them to expand his power. Just like that, a network was built layer by layer.

In the future, even without the support of the Heavenly Talisman, with such painstaking efforts, his power in the imperial court would also be deeply rooted and unshakable. Another two months passed. The weather gradually became cold. It was already winter.

There was still no news from Lou Baiyue. Gu Chensha could only wait patiently. He sent people to ask around and found that there was no movement at the Burial Ground. Everything seemed to be still.

He was also very patient. He was not anxious or impatient. He cultivated hard and read all kinds of ancient books.

In the book of light given to him by the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor, Qin Wentian had already read about one-tenth of the countless books. It could be said that he knew everything from astronomy to geography. He also had a rough understanding of the local customs and customs. Other than that, he also understood the various arts of immortals and devils. This morning, the sun was shining brightly. It was rare to have a warm winter atmosphere. Gu Chensha stood in the study and bathed in the sunlight. He was relaxed and happy. But suddenly, he felt his mind wavering and he was panicking.

"What's going on, a sudden impulse?" He frowned.

"What's going on? Is it dark? "

At this moment, many people in the castle started to panic. Gu Chensha hurriedly looked up. The sun was originally rising in the east. But at this moment, a black aura suddenly appeared and wrapped around the sun.

Gu Chensha could clearly see that this black aura wasn't from the clouds. It was emitted from the inside of the sun.

In the blink of an eye, the black aura swallowed the sun. Between heaven and earth, it was pitch black.

"There's a phenomenon in the sky." Gu Chensha's heart was beating wildly. Such a phenomenon was definitely not a blessing. It was an impending disaster. Kacha! Suddenly, the earth trembled and the mountains swayed. The entire earth was shaking non-stop.

"It's an earthquake! It's an earthquake!" Many people in the castle shouted.

"Don't panic. This castle is sturdy. Even if there's a big earthquake, it won't be able to do anything." At this moment, Yi Ming and the other experts flew up and spoke loudly. And inside the castle, lights suddenly flew out, illuminating the surroundings. It was one of the nine magic treasures, the Darkfire Lamp.

"Master!" "Prince!" "Benefactor!" At this moment, the core of the Prince Residence had all arrived.

Yi Ming, Liu Yu, and the others, as well as Long Zaifei, his adopted son, Luo Wu, and Bao Ming 'er had also arrived.

"Black aura swallows the sun, heaven and earth trembles!"

Luo Wu and Bao Ming 'er were shocked. Although they were both experts of the Immortal Dao, they were not worth mentioning in front of this phenomenon. Although the earthquake was fierce, the castle was sturdy and nothing happened.

After a while, suddenly, in the pitch-black boundless universe, many stars appeared. Those stars were extremely demonic, like demonic eyes, silently watching the world.

Then, heaven and earth shook again. In an instant, stars fell like rain, descending in all directions into the mortal world, disappearing in the blink of an eye. The sky became clear again.