Chapter 257
===========

After Gu Chensha obtained the Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art, the star chart appeared in his mind. Many truths of the billions of stars flowed in his heart.

This was the true essence of the universe and stars that Grand Tutor Wen Hong had comprehended. After obtaining it, it was equivalent to standing on the shoulders of a giant and understanding many things that he usually could not understand.

"Good. The Book of Heavenly Demon is indeed impressive."

Wen Hong had obtained many Dharma spells from the Skydemon Book. He had comprehended the Great Dao of the ancient demon race sage. With his cultivation level, he was much more thorough than Gu Chensha who had pondered for a hundred years.

In an instant, Wen Hong had mostly comprehended the true essence of the various mystic arts of the Book of Heavenly Demon. At the same time, he transmitted it back.

"Is this the world that the Sage of the Demon knows?"

Wen Hong had a look of joy on his face. "Interesting, interesting. In fact, the process of cultivation is the process of constantly exploring the unknown of the universe. We explore ourselves, explore Yuan Qi, explore space-time, and know all the unknowns. Everyone's understanding of the world is definitely different. What each of us sees might not be the truth of the world. Or rather, the world itself has no truth and is ever-changing. Therefore, the highest realm of the 36 Transformations is Embodiment Transformation. With its power, you can move freely as you wish …" He was guiding Gu Chensha's cultivation level. Gu Chensha felt endless profundities surging into the depths of his mind.

His sea of consciousness expanded endlessly, so he could not think too much. He could only gradually comprehend and digest it in the future.

"The Dharma treasure in your body is an imitation of the Dragon Gate, right?

It has fused many ancient Dharma treasures. Not bad, not bad at all. With this treasure, your strength will increase by at least a hundred times. In that case, I will impart my understanding of the Dragon Gate to you. Let's see what the difference is between the Dragon Gate in your heart and the Dragon Gate in mine. "Wen Hong transmitted his understanding of the Dragon Gate. Immediately, the image of the Primordial Dragon Gate appeared in the depths of Gu Chensha's mind.

This Dragon Gate was illusory. It sometimes appeared in the starry sky, sometimes in the mountains and seas, and sometimes in the hearts of all living beings. The Dragon Gate's shape was ordinary and moved according to one's heart. Gu Chensha observed this change and felt something.

After an unknown period of time, he suddenly came back to his senses. He found that he had already left this place and was still on the island. Wen Hong had disappeared.

Only Chen Lingyun stood beside him. "The Grand Tutor is in seclusion again. This is the Buzhou Palace.

As she spoke, a hazy image of a palace appeared in her hand. It was wrapped in the Tu Xingyun. "I really don't know why the Grand Preceptor treats you so well. We are enemies."

The Buzhou Palace was the palace of the ancient Emperor Zhou. In terms of value, it was definitely not lower than the Heaven Demon Book. Even the top sects of the 72 Mystical Sects of the Immortal Dao only had one or two such treasures.

Of Celestial Dharma treas. The Buzhou Palace was the Buzhou Immortal Palace. Tian Emperor Of Celestial Demon.

Dharma treasures, Yang of Immortal Celestiof Saint Palace, Buzhou, and of Of Of of Palace of the Celestial Saint..

"Uncle Hong's realm is actually so high?"

Gu Chensha was startled. He knew that if Wen Hong didn't give him the Buzhou Palace, it meant that his cultivation level hadn't reached a certain level. But now, he didn't need the Buzhou Palace at all. This meant that his cultivation level was probably not below that of the ancient Emperor. He swallowed slightly and the Buzhou Palace was swallowed into the Dragon Gate.

With his ability, he naturally couldn't combine the Buzhou Palace and the Dragon Gate. If he had the ability, he would have opened the Book of Celestial Demon long ago.

However, the Buzhou Palace wasn't completely useless. He had long studied the Dao of Buzhou and was proficient in the Buzhou Divine Fist. To be arrogant, Wen Hong might not be comparable to him in some aspects of the Emperor's Dao.

After all, all the Emperors had obtained the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman and cultivated the Emperor's God Investiture Art. Wen Hong had no such experience.

The Buzhou Palace was forged by the Emperor "Zhou", so it definitely had some imprints of the Emperor's God Investiture Art. Gu Chensha made use of the Dragon Gate's powerful Yuan Qi absorption to activate the Buzhou Palace.

Immediately, the Buzhou Palace in the depths of the Dragon Gate also began to forcibly open space-time to absorb Spiritual Qi and Immortal Qi. There was even the power of the stars. Finally, it brewed and squirmed. His Sun Moon Dragon's Handle was the best power to activate the Buzhou Palace.

"Dao of Buzhou, create the universe, create a Heavenly Soldier, achieve unparalleled achievement!"

Gu Chensha secretly activated it. Array formations in many places in the Buzhou Palace began to operate, absorbing the Spiritual Qi of Heaven and Earth, the essence of the stars, and all kinds of energy in the void. Then, the core of the Buzhou Palace, the Heavenly Cycle Apparatus, disintegrated and combined, gathering countless Yuan Qi to create a Heavenly Soldier!

That's right, the greatest use of the Buzhou Palace was to absorb all kinds of Yuan Qi and combine them to create a Heavenly Soldier. A Heavenly Soldier was something similar to the Heavenly Works of Great Strength. This was a method of creating things from the void.

Under Gu Chensha's absorption, the Buzhou Palace operated, and soon, a Heavenly Soldier was born in the palace.

The Heavenly Soldier was as tall as an ordinary person, but it was half human and half dragon. The upper half was human, and the lower half was that of a dragon. It wore iron armor and held a long spear. It was faintly discernible, and when it stood casually, it gave off a murderous aura. This was somewhat similar to the Divine Dragon Soldier. However, just as it took form, the Heavenly Soldier collapsed, and it could not be formed.

"Divine Dragon Soldier?"

Gu Chensha shook his head, "My power is not enough to form the Divine Dragon Soldier. Looks like I can only settle for the next best thing, a Giant Miracle Soldier? Or a Yellow Scarf Strongman? "

The Buzhou Palace gathered Yuan Qi to forge a Heavenly Soldier. It was also divided according to the person's cultivation. Those with low cultivation could only use a little of the Buzhou Palace's power, and could only forge the lowest grade of Heavenly Soldier.

Heavenly Soldiers were divided into Yellow Scarf Strongman, Giant Miracle Soldier, Divine Dragon Soldier, and finally the legendary "Hell Suppressing Divine General".

Hell Suppressing meant suppressing hell, preventing demons from coming out and wreaking havoc in the world.

Rumor had it that the ancient Son of Heaven created the "Hell Suppressing Divine General" with the help of God Maha. God Mahākāśyapa was the king of hell. He was both righteous and evil. However, a heavenly general like the Hell Suppressing Divine General was only a legend. It had never appeared before, so the highest grade was the Divine Dragon Soldier.

The puppets created with this technique were extremely powerful. Logically speaking, if Gu Chensha's cultivation reached the peak, he could use the Buzhou Palace to create the Divine Dragon Soldier. Unfortunately, he was far from that level.

He envied the Heavenly Designer Demon God of Herculean Crafts, who could create miracles unknowingly.

But now that he had obtained the Buzhou Palace, he could also create puppets that were even more powerful than the Heavenly Designer Demon God.

He now had six thousand-year-old Bone Demons. They built fiefs, planted crops, reclaimed land, herded livestock, and repaired bridges and roads. The work they did was equivalent to that of hundreds of thousands of slaves. Now that his fief was doing well, it was mostly due to the six thousand year bone demons. Calming himself down, he thought about what to do next.

On this visit to Wen Hong, he had actually retrieved the Buzhou Palace and received Wen Hong's Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art, as well as his own understanding of the Dragon's Gate. These insights were of great help to him.

However, to truly transform these insights into something of his own, it would take a long time to filter out the false and retain the true.

"You sure took it fast. Are you afraid that I'll swallow up the Buzhou Palace?" Chen Lingyun said sourly.

"What are you talking about, Aunty." Gu Chensha was in no hurry to leave. "Oh right, my main purpose here is to form an alliance with you. What does Chen Tianhuang mean? Must we go against the Imperial Court? " "Alliance?" Chen Lingyun was puzzled. "What kind of alliance?

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor asked you to recruit us. Do you want us to join the Calming Immortal Bureau? Under your jurisdiction? " "What do you think?" Gu Chensha smiled faintly.

"In your dreams."

Chen Lingyun directly spat out two words, "The current situation is confusing and confusing, and you still want to recruit our dreams? I really don't know what the Grand Tutor is thinking. He's always protecting you. "

"Uncle Hong is unfathomable. He must have foreseen some changes in the future." Gu Chensha asked. "Does Uncle Hong support you against the Imperial Court?"

"The Grand Tutor did not express his stance and let us act on our own. After all, Tian Huang is the Crown Prince." Chen Lingyun said. "We can form an alliance, but you must give us benefits." "This can be discussed in detail." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "We definitely have common interests." "Really? Gu Tanjian has already begun to recruit us. "

Chen Lingyun said. "He has offered very generous terms. Dragon Creation Pill, a pill that can raise one's aptitude to become a peerless genius." "What?" Gu Chensha frowned.

The mission given to him by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor was to recruit the remaining people of the Imperial Court. He had not completed this mission, but he had done a lot of meritorious deeds. He did not become a laughing stock in the Imperial Court. But if Gu Tanjian recruited this group of people, it would be equivalent to slapping his face. How could he do that?

"If you want to recruit us, you have to give us better benefits than Gu Tanjian."

Chen Lingyun said. "I will state my terms now. If you give me this Buzhou Palace, we can consider this matter."

"This is not something I can decide. I need to go back and discuss with Lou Baiyue and The Fourth. It is not impossible."

Gu Chensha considered for a moment and naturally would not reject her outright. "Wait for me to discuss it and I will give you a satisfactory answer." As he spoke, his figure had already disappeared.

"So fast!" At this time, a person came out from the depths of the palace. It was Crown Prince Chen Tianhuang, the leader of this group.

"This child has obtained the Buzhou Palace and is like a tiger that has grown wings. Why don't you keep the Buzhou Palace? "Chen Tianhuang asked Chen Lingyun.

"This is the Grand Preceptor's order, how can I dare to disobey?"

Chen Lingyun said, "Moreover, the Grand Preceptor has his own plans. I also want to keep the Buzhou Palace. With this treasure, our strength will increase by more than a hundred times."

"The Grand Preceptor is in seclusion?" Chen Tianhuang asked, "Fortunately, we have obtained many treasures in the Buzhou Palace. Now, the Buzhou Palace is empty. "

"We cannot activate this palace, only the Grand Preceptor can." Chen Lingyun said, "Oh right, what do you think about Gu Tanjian?"