Chapter 634
===========

God-rank experts had to learn how to operate the world, gather the masses, and use all sorts of methods to develop the masses. Not only did they maintain their faith, they also had to strengthen their cohesiveness.

In fact, God-rank experts' battles in the future didn't depend on how strong their magic power was, but on how intricate their operating methods were.

This was a battle between two countries. It was a competition of overall national strength, not individual combat strength.

In a battle between two countries, it wasn't the bravery of a few generals that could decide the outcome of the war. Instead, it was the economic path of the country and the cohesiveness of the people. Only then could they produce overwhelming power.

For example, Gu Chensha's Department of Immortal Tranquility had formed a medium-sized realm and controlled the hearts of the people. Their population had skyrocketed, and they had opened up a small divine province. Large amounts of wish power flowed into the world at all times. This way of operating surpassed any of the mystical immortal sects.

Thus, even Chang Weiyang of the Cosmos Mystical Sect, who was at the peak of Embodiment Transformation in the 36 Transformations, had no choice but to admit defeat and let the Department of Immortal Tranquility take the lead. After the God-rank, realms were secondary, and operations were the main focus.

These were the three realms described in the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art. The sun and moon shine together, the heaven and earth live together, and the masses are of one heart.

Even if you cultivated the technique to shine together with the sun and moon, and live as long as the heaven and earth, it was still far from being of one heart.

"The Yongchō court is indeed doing well. During the Devil Disaster, they are producing and building in an orderly manner. They aren't retreating at all, and the population hasn't decreased either. In fact, it's even growing rapidly. The Boorish Lands have become the Yongchō's rear, and a large number of people have migrated to the Boorish Lands for development. This is the foresight of the past." Ling Shaofei pointed out.

"The Buddhist sect withstood the Devil Disaster and won the imperial court a breather."

Dou Yiyu said, "I don't know what the Buddhist sect is thinking. If it wasn't for them at the frontlines, the world would be in a different state. At the very least, the demonic army would have swept through half of the divine province."

"That's right. The Buddhist sect helped the imperial court at a crucial time, and of course, took advantage of the situation. The demonic race didn't dare to fight the Buddhist sect head-on, afraid that the imperial court would attack from behind."

Ling Shaofei analyzed the situation. "The Buddhist Sect is being held back by both sides. Now that they have suddenly made their move, they actually gained the initiative and recruited the devils on a large scale. They actually began to preach in the Sin Province. This is equivalent to a flower blossoming in the center. In an instant, the name of the Buddhist Sect spread in all directions. Some itinerant cultivators even began to join the Buddhist Sect. It was said that the Human Dragon Union had recruited many rogue cultivators recently. That was how the Buddhist Sect developed. " "Where should we go now?" Gu Chensha asked.

His clone stayed in the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, operating in the tiny world of Longevity God, so that he could know every move of Longevity God at any time. Gu Chensha would even secretly use some benefits to let Longevity God ascend to the Sage Realm. At that time, his avatar, Ghost Weep, could stir up a storm in the Alliance of Myriad Immortals.

Over here, the true body was staring at Dou Yiyu. This woman wanted to deal with the Dharma Saint. According to the interests of the three Empyreans, they definitely wouldn't allow the Dharma Saint to ascend to a dimensional realm.

No matter what kind of force it was, the promotion of the Dharma Saint would be difficult to accommodate.

Therefore, this time, the Dharma Saint could be said to be the enemy of the whole world. Just like what happened in the Celestial Tranquility Department, it all depended on whether the Dharma Saint could get through it or not.

Dou Yiyu represented the top fighting force of the three Empyreans, and Gu Chensha's true body was bound to gain something by following Dou Yiyu.

At this time, Wan Senshi and the Dharma Saint, the three Empyreans had formed a triangle of mutual calculation. If Gu Chensha wanted to rescue Yuhuan Lu, he must find the right opportunity to deal a fatal blow when Wan Senshi was busy dealing with the three Empyreans and the Dharma Saint.

Of course, Wan Senshi must have calculated this, but Gu Chensha had the confidence to play with this old antique. He must rescue Yuhuan Lu.

"Let's go to Dharma Province and take a look. There's no rush. I heard that the Legalists were suppressed by the imperial court last time, and now the Dharma Saint is preparing to counterattack. I don't know if it's true or not, but let's go and take a look. Maybe we'll gain something."

The group of nine strolled in Qingzhou, looking at the mountains and rivers, the villages and towns, the counties and provinces.

At this time, they arrived outside Qingzhou City. Suddenly, there was a flash of light in the sky. The light came from the horizon and headed straight for Ling Shaofei.

Seeing this, Ling Shaofei waved his hand, and the light fell directly into his palm. It seemed to be a magic treasure that he had refined for a long time.

The light slowly retracted on his palm, and its form was revealed. It was actually a medicinal pill. This medicinal pill looked like a small gourd, and it was azure in color. Countless runes flickered in it, as if it contained endless secrets.

"This is a Connate medicinal pill, not something that can be refined. It's called the Connate Heaven and Earth Origin Pill. "

A strange light flashed in Dou Yiyu's eyes. "After consuming this pill, one can almost directly break through and advance a realm. Even gods and saints can't refine it. It's a medicinal pill that was produced during the primal chaos explosion.

If my guess is correct, this pill actually flew towards you the moment it appeared. Brother Shaofei, just how strong is your luck? "

When Gu Chensha saw this, he also secretly clicked his tongue. This Ling Shaofei's luck was too good. On the way, when the light descended, he actually obtained the Connate Heaven Mother Essence Pill.

He had a deep understanding of this pill. It was produced during the primal chaos explosion, and even the Tree of Hope couldn't create it now. There was also no such pill in the treasures of the World Burial Coffin. It was said that this pill was used to break through realms. As long as one's cultivation reached a bottleneck, they would be able to sense the wonders of the primal chaos explosion after consuming this pill. With the power of the primal chaos, they would be able to break through the bottleneck and advance in realms.

Because this pill was produced during the primal chaos explosion, it naturally contained a trace of the Dao of Creation that was produced during the primal chaos explosion.

The primal chaos explosion was activated by the Heavenly Dao. The Heavenly Dao's power of creation could create any existence. The power of creation was almost equivalent to the power produced by the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree.

Facing this pill, Gu Chensha couldn't help but be tempted. If he obtained this pill and consumed it, he would be able to break through his current realm. His Undying Body would be able to reach the 26 transformations, 10,000 Techniques Return to One. Moreover, in that instant of the power of creation, he would be able to refine some of the treasures in his body, such as the Bow of Liberation, the Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence, and the Wanxiang Shattering Cudgel.

More importantly, every time he advanced to a realm, the Marshal of Common People would also advance. This was closely related to him.

Moreover, if he refined the Bow of Liberation, the Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence, and the Wanxiang Shattering Cudgel, he would be able to refine the Marshal of Common People again. This would cause the Marshal's strength to increase once more, and he would have more techniques and wisdom. At that time, the Marshal of Common People would be even more confident in suppressing the world.

The Marshal of Common People had already become the signboard of the Calming Immortal Department and an important force that could control the world. As long as he advanced to a higher realm, the world would be more stable. This was why Gu Chensha also wanted to raise his realm in a hurry.

It would be best if he could reach the 27 changes, the Seamless Two Worlds Realm. That would be perfect. Thinking about it, 360 Marshal of Common People, all of them able to tear apart space and come and go freely. Their strength would increase greatly. What kind of concept was that? Experts of such a level were truly rare. Even if the Demon Race invaded, to kill such experts, they would have to pay a huge price.

Ling Shaofei kept the Xiantian Mother Essence Pill into his bag. He didn't swallow it, turning his head and saying to Dou Yiyu, "This is just luck, it isn't that magical. I see that Lady Yiyu's luck isn't small, you might be able to obtain a supreme treasure." "Thank you for your auspicious words." Dou Yiyu became carefree once more. The group of them continued to walk towards the Law State. Within the Law Realm.

The Dharma Saint had already turned into a Ten Thousand World Code. Within it recorded numerous ways to rule a country, strategies, farming, laws, handicrafts, etc.

Anyone who ruled a country and became a king, as long as they obtained this Ten Thousand World Code, they would be able to form a foundation that would last for 10,000 years.

This code was like the God Talisman Ceremony, covering everything. Anyone would be able to learn what they wanted to learn from it.

This was the Dharma Saint's Dao. The amazing thing about the Dharma Saint was that with him as the standard, the world would be at peace and one would be able to enjoy eternal happiness.

Now, the Dharma Saint circulated his Dao and was prepared to refine the True God Realm and merge it into his small-sized world to raise it to a medium-sized world.

"Son of Heaven Seal God, Sun and Moon Shine Together!"

At this time, Wu Dangkong also unleashed his own Emperor's God-Sealing Technique. He continuously channeled the power of the Emperor's God-Sealing Technique into the Warlock Saint's Codex of Eternity. At the same time, Jing Qiu was also channeling the power he had comprehended into it.

Wu Dangkong's cultivation had actually reached the 26th Dao Realm Transformation, 10,000 Techniques Return to One. Her improvement was so quick that one was amazed.

From this, one could see that when she was helping the Dharma Saint to form it, she was also gaining huge benefits.

All the God Realm experts of the Legalism Faction used all their strength to help the Dharma Saint complete this.

"Fa Wuxian actually didn't come at such an important juncture." Fa Yuanji was filled with hatred. He and the other Legalism Faction God Realm Ancestors were really annoyed too.

Fa Wuxian had been nurtured by the Warlock Saint. First, he had been bestowed with the Blade of Law Enforcement. Then, he had been imparted with many mysterious techniques. His cultivation had progressed rapidly, but now was the time when he needed people. As a natural born Saint, if Fa Wuxian were to pray here, then the sacrificial power that he would produce would be purer and stronger than the prayers of a God-level expert. After all, the Legalism Faction only had one Natural Saint.