Chapter 897
===========

"I've also succeeded."

The moment Dragon Soars into the Sky succeeded, Gu Chensha let out a long sigh of relief. The Dragonless Heart Sutra in the depths of his Sea of Consciousness began to brew, and it suddenly shrank. The endless chapters shrunk into a short article that was only several thousand words long. Every single word in this short article contained a profound thought that was all-encompassing. A few thousand words were enough to encompass everything. Within the Dragonless Heart Sutra, the aura of a Divergent was constantly being emitted. In other words, at this moment, Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra had succeeded. This heart sutra reached perfection, and finally became the Divergent Dao.

Anyone who cultivated Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra could progress step by step, from an idiot to low grade talent, medium grade talent, high grade talent, genius, genius, natural born saint, and finally, Divergent.

Step by step, there was a ladder of improvement. Otherwise, in the past, a person's talent depended entirely on innate talent or unpredictable fate. There was no systematic, theoretical progress.

From now on, as long as one cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, everyone could become a Divergent.

This final point of perfection, Gu Chensha did indeed rely on Long Xiangtian as a test subject, obtaining the data from his experiments and calculating it himself, thus advancing.

Without Long Xiangtian as a test subject, Gu Chensha could forget about obtaining the precious data to calculate the Dragonless Heart Sutra to perfection.

Once the Dragonless Heart Sutra was completed, Gu Chensha's strength increased once again. Within his body, the Heavenly Longevity Realm's source energy gradually began to transform, and the aura of Sky Origin appeared. In other words, he would gradually advance to the Sky Origin Realm.

"This Long Xiangtian's fate energy is probably second only to the Emperor Of Heaven. I've used his fate energy to do many things. Right now, the Great Stone Wall has basically devoured the Stellar Dragon Stele, a treasure of the Boundless World level. In addition, it has also devoured Long Xiangtian's fate energy. On the surface, it looks like Long Xiangtian refined the Great Stone Wall, but in reality, it was the Great Stone Wall that refined Long Xiangtian. From now on, Long Xiangtian's fate and the Great Stone Wall are inextricably linked." Gu Chensha had long since understood the ins and outs.

In the future, Long Xiangtian would have many more fortuitous encounters and obtain countless magical treasures. These fortuitous encounters and magical treasures would be integrated into the Great Stone Wall. The day [Flying Dragon] runs out would be the day that Gu Chensha reaps his harvest.

If Long Xiangtian had obediently worked for the Imperial Court, or if he didn't harbor any ill intentions, Gu Chensha wouldn't have done anything to him. However, Long Xiangtian wanted to refine the Great Stone Wall and seize control of the Imperial Court. He wanted to rebel and destroy the world. Gu Chensha definitely wouldn't allow such a thing to happen.

Furthermore, Long Xiangtian was the reincarnation of the Endless Dragon, one of the 36 Endless Treasures.

Now, he had refined the Endless Dragon in his body into the Great Stone Wall. As a result, the power of the Great Stone Wall was further enhanced. Gu Chensha only felt that the restlessness in China was gradually calming down. It was much easier for him to suppress China.

"Congratulations, leader, for successfully becoming a Celestial Master."

The people from the Flying Dragon Club all saw how Long Xiangtian actually went from Dao Realm 18 Transformation Great Dao Golden Core to Celestial Master. All of them felt like they were dreaming, but after they woke up, they knew that they had joined the strongest person in the world. Their future was limitless.

"That's right, now that I have become a Celestial Master, even if the Emperor of Earth comes, I won't fear him at all."

Long Xiangtian said proudly, "Now that I've comprehended the supreme secret technique, even Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra is no longer a secret in my eyes. I'll help all of you increase your cultivation bases, allowing you to reach the Highgod Realm in no time. Appear! Flying Dragon in the Sky, Suanni (Suanni)! "

Long Xiangtian moved slightly and many balls of light appeared in his hand. Each of them was the size of a chicken and each one contained a suanni word.

This word continued to resound. It was truly the sound of a group of dragons soaring into the sky. As the sound changed, one could feel a kind of overflowing passion and unparalleled power.

Long Xiangtian's palm shook slightly and the light and the word landed in everyone's hands. Everyone received the word.

"Refine this suanni word and you will have a God Realm foundation. This suanni word is a fundamental world of dust."

Long Xiangtian said. "This tiny world contains the purest of mental laws and origin power. It's also a medicinal pill. It's called the Divine Creation Pill, and I created it myself. One pill is enough to create a god!

After you consume it, before you reach God Realm, everything will be smooth sailing. You just need to follow the prescribed order. Right now, you are not God Realm, but you have God Realm strength. If this continues, it will be easier for you to work for me.

Also, from now on, the Flying Dragon Club will change its name. It will not be called the Flying Dragon Club, but the Great Xiang Dynasty. I am the Great Xiang Dynasty's Emperor, the Flying Dragon Great Emperor. You will call me Your Majesty, understand? The Central Plains Divine Prefecture will be mine sooner or later. I will gather the boundless luck of the Nine Heavens and Ten Earths and give it to the dynasty. " "Yes! Your subjects greet Your Majesty. " At this time, everyone knelt down. To the people outside, they didn't seem to be doing anything.

"Zhou Wang, what do you think?" Long Xiangtian looked at Gu Chensha's incarnation of Zhou Wang. "What should I do next?"

"Reporting to Your Majesty," Gu Chensha's incarnation of Zhou Wang said, "We can go find the Earthly Sovereign to settle the score."

"No, we won't go find the Earthly Sovereign. Behind him is the Emperor Of Heaven. I will go find Gu Tiansha and Gu Xuansha!"

Long Xiangtian smiled coldly. "You are a God Realm expert. I will teach you the secret of the Flying Dragon Technique. Your battle strength will surpass that of a Sage. Come, follow me to the Grand Sun of the Heaven World. "

While speaking, Long Xiangtian directly grabbed Gu Chensha's Zhou Wang and flew up into the sky. A moment later, they saw a huge fireball. This fireball illuminated the heaven and earth and moved the sky. It shrouded everything inside. Even Heaven Longevity Realm experts couldn't get close. If they did, they would be refined. Even their divine senses wouldn't be able to escape.

But at this moment, Long Xiangtian didn't care at all. With a wave of his hand, he entered the blazing sun of the Heaven World. No flames could stop him.

Gradually, he reached the center of the blazing sun of the Heaven Realm, where he saw a mass of white light and an altar. He pushed out with his palm.

"Who is it?!" Two figures appeared on the altar. They were Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha. They attacked at the same time, their palms enveloping Long Xiangtian.

"Amazing."

Long Xiangtian didn't dare to be careless. His fists were like dragons, and the image of a Great Stone Wall appeared in front of him to block their attacks.

"Great Stone Wall? Who are you? "Gu Tiansha retracted his attack and stood there, glaring at Long Xiangtian. He originally thought it was Gu Chensha, but now it was someone he didn't recognize.

"I am the founder of the Soaring Dragon Dynasty, Grand Emperor Soaring Dragon, Emperor of the Central Divine Prefecture.

Yongchō is a thing of the past. Next, the Soaring Dragon Dynasty will replace it. Emperor Heaven World will be destroyed. Everything will belong to me. Gu Tiansha, Gu Xuansha, you two are remnants of Yongchō. I should kill you and refine you, but seeing that you still have some strength, why don't you join me and help me conquer the world? " "Soaring Dragon Dynasty? Grand Emperor Soaring Dragon? When did someone like that come out of nowhere? "Gu Tiansha and Gu Xuansha exchanged glances.

The two of them had their own plans. They wanted to refine the sun and moon, and the prehistoric civilization's Monarch System. They wanted to use their own light to replace the light of the Heavenly World. If they succeeded, all life in the Heavenly World would be bathed in their light, and they would be able to control them in the blink of an eye. Even Gu Chensha couldn't stop them.

But the sudden appearance of Long Xiangtian still shocked them. The fact that he could enter the sun of the Heavenly World and exchange blows with them without falling into a disadvantageous position meant that he was one of the strongest powerhouses in the world. The world had already stabilized. Emperor Heaven represented the Heavenly Court, Gu Chensha represented the other major factions, Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha represented the other major factions. It was now a tripartite confrontation. The other factions weren't strong enough. But where did Long Xiangtian come from? Where did he come from? How could he be so strong? Even Gu Tiansha and Gu Xuansha couldn't figure it out. They scanned the Central Plains and found that the Yongchō still reigned supreme. They hadn't been replaced by the Soaring Dragon Dynasty.

"Who are you?" Gu Tiansha shot Crown Prince Gu Xuansha a look, then looked at Long Xiangtian. Long Xiangtian kept his cool.

"Gu Tiansha, you shouldn't have appeared in this world, but you did in the end.

That is, a variable that no one can predict. If you can appear, then why can't I? "Long Xiangtian said." I am a variable that is stronger than you.

None of you could have guessed that I would appear. Furthermore, I have already refined the Great Wall of Boulders. In a sense, I have already gained control of the divine continent. If you submit to me, you will definitely be able to refine the Celestial Thearch. Eventually, you will even be able to refine the Heavenly Dao and Ancient Immortal Treading! What do you think? " "Variable?"

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha understood after a while. "So that's how it is. There are layers of changes in the world, and no one can control the situation. That's why this freak was born. But it's also an opportunity for us." Greed flashed in his eyes.

He knew that if he devoured Long Xiangtian, who'd popped out of nowhere, he could instantly ascend to an unimaginable level and completely refine the prehistoric civilization's warship and system. [Currently reading: Dragon Tally _ Chapter 894] Dragonless Mutation