Chapter 428
===========

A beam of light shot out. It came from ancient times and contained ancient mysteries. This was Tian Xuan Du's talisman. This talisman wasn't made by Tai Xuan Du himself, but an ancient treasure that he had obtained. No one had used it until now, and the Celestial Dao Sect didn't know that he had such a treasure.

This was his cleverness. If he used a talisman that he made himself, people would find out that he was the one who attacked, and that would be disadvantageous to him. Tai Xuan Du was a wily old fox, and he wouldn't allow anyone to use him against him.

Luckily, he didn't know which ancient saint had made this talisman, and it was even more powerful than the one he made himself. Tai Xuan Du had invested so much in the Celestial Peace Department, so he naturally wouldn't let Gu Chensha fall into a desperate situation. And Gu Chensha understood this, so he boldly asked Tai Xuan Du for benefits.

Once Tai Xuan Du's talisman appeared, a beam of light blocked all the attacks of the Yin Yang Ghost Apes, and then absorbed them all into the talisman. The talisman absorbed this power, and the light became more and more resplendent. Ripples appeared in the grotto-heaven, and these ripples contained great destructive power. Just by spreading a bit, Ape Desolation was about to be melted within.

"What talisman is this?"

Even though the three Divine Apes were shocked, they had long anticipated this situation. They joined hands and released endless golden radiance that pressed towards the center. They immediately blocked the ripples and rescued Ape Desolation. But then Chang Weiyang's talisman exploded again.

Her talisman was even more ferocious than Tai Xuan Du's. The moment it appeared, lightning exploded, and the aura of destruction spread everywhere.

At this moment, Que Ying 'er and Que Huang' er also attacked. They also threw out a talisman, and immediately, countless dragon shadows appeared in the depths of the lair. These dragon shadows entangled with each other, and each of them had their own form. They suddenly opened their mouths, and actually sucked in the lightning and ripples.

"Good, Demon Saint Li Wanlong's talisman."

The three apes nodded. "This lightning is the lightning of the universe. Kid, you are amazing. You actually colluded with the sect leader of the Celestial Dao Sect, Outlier Chang Weiyang. This talisman was made by her, right? " "Unfortunately, Chang Weiyang is afraid of the three great Empyreans, and doesn't dare to come out."

Que Ying 'er and Que Huang' er said, "The Demon Sage Talisman can withstand the attack of this talisman. Now, you should only have one talisman left from Grand Preceptor Wen Hong!"

"It's time to use the power of the main body of Mount Meru." At that moment, the three Ape Gods suddenly waved their hands. All the apes in the cave started chanting incantations. Immediately, the cave seemed to solidify. The power of Mount Sumeru was completely unleashed.

Mount Sumeru was an ancient Heavenly pillar. Not only did it contain countless profound mysteries, but it had also been refined by the Four Great Apes for many years. It contained many magical treasures, and when combined together, it was a supreme Immortal's Cave that could suppress the destiny of an entire clan.

Now, the three Godly Apes were activating the power of the cave abode, activating Qian Kun and Qian Qiu. They wanted to destroy all of Gu Chensha's talismans.

"Do you think we don't have the ability to scheme against you?"

The three Ape Gods let out a loud voice. "This time, your Celestial Tranquility Division will not be able to escape. Once we capture you, we naturally have a way to seize control of the Heavenly Demon Book from you!"

Gu Chensha was shocked to discover that he actually couldn't activate Grand Preceptor Wen Hong's Teleportation Talisman.

However, he didn't panic deep down. The three Ape Gods, Li Wanlong's talismans, and the power of the Mount Sumeru cave abode couldn't break Chang Weiyang's and Tai Xuandu's talismans for the time being.

"Kid, it's useless for you to struggle. I want to see how long you can last."

The three Ape Gods said fiercely, "Entering Mount Sumeru is equivalent to stepping into the gates of hell. There's no turning back." "Very good, very good."

Gu Chensha was under the protection of the two great talismans. "Do you think you can do anything to me like this?

However, your schemes are quite profound. For a junior like me, you actually created such a huge commotion. Blood! " As he spoke, he sprayed his Mortal People True Blood onto Tai Xuandu and Chang Weiyang's talismans.

His blood was incomparably mysterious. As he sprayed it, the two great talismans suddenly expanded, bringing with them an endless storm.

"Suppress!"

The three Ape Gods also knew that it would be somewhat troublesome to break the two great talismans, but things were still within their control. They increased their strength again.

In an instant, the cave abode was filled with clashing powers. It was a chaotic mess, and the sound of explosions rang out incessantly. The three Ape Gods also gathered their cultivation.

"Zhuge Ya should have a plan, right?"

Gu Chensha thought to himself. If this continued, he indeed wouldn't be able to last much longer. His original intention had been to rope in Xing Qiongshi to have absolute confidence in killing the three Ape Gods. But Xing Qiongshi's sudden disappearance had disrupted his plan. Fortunately, he knew that Zhuge Ya definitely had a plan.

Suddenly, in the midst of the chaos, seven stars seemed to twinkle faintly in the depths of Ape Desolation's brow.

In the blink of an eye, Ape Desolation's behavior became strange. He had been chanting an incantation to activate the power of the Lesser Sumeru Mountain, but now he was stealthily moving towards the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree in the middle of the giant pool of earth milk at the center of the cave.

The entire cave was currently filled with the storm caused by the collision of the talismans, so no one noticed his actions.

As he approached the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree, a wave of power emanated from his body and entered the remains. For some reason, the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree that were several meters tall seemed to be sucked away by something. In a breath's time, it had shrunk significantly. As a result, the amount of Mother Earth Milk in the pool decreased.

"Ape Desolation, what are you doing?"

At that moment, the Yin Yang Ghost Ape suddenly felt that something was wrong. He swept his Yin Yang Ghost Eyes around and discovered something strange about Ape Desolation.

"Hahahahaha …" At that moment, Zhuge Ya's voice came from Ape Desolation's body. "Yin Yang Ghost Ape, did you really think that you broke my Ten Thousand Witchcraft Killing Curse that day?

This is the ultimate skill of the Xing Qiong Clan that curses and kills Heavenly God Saints. What you broke was only the outer layer, but not the foundation. I can use it again at any time.

Now, Ape Desolation is under my control. Thank you for allowing me to absorb the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree, allowing our Heavenly Demon Tree to increase its cultivation base by a thousand years! " Rumble!

Ape Desolation's body turned into countless rays of starlight that fused with the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree and the Earth Milk. Then, it flew around the cave, exploding with a powerful killing power. Suddenly, the ten Battle Kings, Blood Ape King, Golden Ape King, Wise Ape King, Empty Ape King, Light Ape King, Wise Ape King, Violent Ape King, Martial Ape King, Star Ape King, and Great Ape King were all killed by Ape Desolation in an instant.

Ape Desolation's strength was already very strong. Now, it had suddenly exploded with its life force.

In the blink of an eye, it had killed the ten Battle Kings and absorbed all the magic power of the apes. Ape Desolation had actually sacrificed itself to open a passage and disappeared.

At that moment, in the Life's Wish sphere, the Heavenly Demon Tree had obtained a huge amount of energy that was similar to itself. It immediately expanded like a balloon.

No amount of vitality could nourish the Heavenly Demon Tree as well or as quickly as the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree from ancient times.

The remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree that the apes had obtained were as tall as a few people. Moreover, it was a mature Heavenly Demon Tree from ancient times. It contained great power, but unfortunately, it had encountered a calamity and could not be activated. Even if the three Divine Apes used the Earth Milk to cultivate it and painstakingly refined it, it was still of no use. However, the Heavenly Demon Tree also contained the accumulated power of the three Divine Apes.

Combined with this power, the Heavenly Demon Tree's seedling in the Life's Wish sphere was extremely nourishing. Rumble!

Zhuge Ya directly injected Ape Desolation's sacrifice, the ten Battle Kings of the ape race, the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree, and the Earth Milk into the Heavenly Demon Tree seedling. As the seedling grew rapidly, the shadows of countless ancient sages of the demon race appeared in the Heavenly Demon Tree. A huge number of memory fragments rolled in once again.

In just a few breaths, the Heavenly Demon Tree seedling had also grown to the height of four or five people. It had completely become a large tree.

Of course, a truly mature Heavenly Demon Tree could cover countless spaces. It could even cover a continent if it spread out casually. This Heavenly Demon Tree was still in its infancy. However, the current Heavenly Demon Tree was more than ten times stronger than the previous sapling.

The Heavenly Demon Tree suppressed the vitality inside the Life's Wish sphere. As long as the tree grew stronger, the power inside the sphere would also be stronger. This was because the main structure of the sphere itself was a manifestation of the Heavenly Demon Book. Zhuge Ya's meticulous plan had finally tricked the three Divine Apes. The intelligence of the Yin Yang Ghost Apes was not as good as his.

This time, not only did the power inside the Life's Wish sphere increase significantly, but it also activated the ability of the Taiyi Pearl. Countless strands of fusion elemental energy descended and were disintegrated. Much of the lifeless yellow sand turned into purple immortal mud.

As the power of the Heavenly Demon Tree increased, the speed at which it absorbed the fusion elemental energy also increased.

As the power of the Life's Wish sphere increased and the Heavenly Demon Tree grew, Gu Chensha, who was in Lesser Meru Mountain, also received many more memories left behind by the ancient sages of the demon race.

In addition, he felt that he could communicate with the Life's Wish sphere at any time. From the sphere, an extremely tyrannical power would be transmitted, allowing him to contend against a God.

The power of the sphere itself was not inferior to the cornerstone treasures of the 72 Mystical Gates of Immortal Dao. Among them, the Heavenly Demon Tree was a great counter to the demon race.

"Your Highness, when you explode Tai Xuan Du's and Chang Weiyang's talismans, make the final blow and cause chaos in this cave abode. Take advantage of the chaos to grab a picture deep inside the cave abode. It is the cornerstone treasure of the ape race, the Myriad Demon Human Diagram. Use the Heavenly Demon Secret Technique to capture it, and you will be able to control it! " Zhuge Ya's voice was transmitted once again. Without thinking, Gu Chensha suddenly detonated Tai Xuan Du's and Chang Weiyang's talismans.

The explosive power of these two talismans instantly caused the Yin Yang Ghost Ape to scream. Even Li Wanlong's talismans could not suppress it. Instantly, the entire cave abode was in chaos.