Chapter 68
==========

"You are so knowledgeable and you don't belong to our Great Yongchō. Do barbarians have a civilization?" Gu Chensha was curious. Logically speaking, barbarians didn't have much of a culture and were still a primitive tribe.

"Of course we do, but because of the evil god's guidance, we walked a different path."

Yi Ming thought about it and a conflicted expression appeared on his face. "Now that I no longer believe in the Evil God, I can see it clearly. The Evil God is actually using us barbarians as slaves to kill in the material world for him to obtain the souls he needs. Without the Evil God, we barbarians can also build a dynasty like yours. "

"That's right, this is the work of evil gods. But there is nothing we can do. Humans can't resist gods, especially you barbarians. Your faith is deeply rooted in the hearts of the people." Gu Chensha was delighted. Yi Ming had such thoughts, and in the future, he might really change.

"In the future, when Master builds a residence, I can be in charge of building a true Spirit Gathering Formation.

I can let the entire residence be filled with spiritual energy and not leak it. "Yi Ming was a construction expert and was in charge of building temples. To be able to reach Dao Realm Transformation Seven, he definitely wasn't a simple person.

Gu Chensha learned about the Spirit Gathering Path from him and listened to him talk about the changes in wind, water, and magnetism. He also listened to his understanding and comprehension of the Dao Realm as well as the experiences of many barbarian race experts. He even heard about many martial arts in the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture. He compared it to the Great Spirit God Technique and the Son of Heaven Sealing God Technique to come up with a systematic cultivation method.

In a daze, he felt like the world had shrunk and he had become bigger. Time flowed really quickly and all sorts of knowledge floated about. It wasn't messy and was instead really coordinated like a clear spring flowing in his heart. Unknowingly, three days and three nights passed and he was totally immersed in learning.

When he woke up from it, he didn't feel tired at all. He circulated his vital energy and breathed in and out. His blood surged like a river and instantly flowed around his body. Each inch of his flesh and blood was soft like cotton and tough like iron. He had a new understanding of the Sun and Moon Refinement and Sun and Moon Transformation.

"Master, you've benefited greatly. I can even sense the changes and entanglement of your blood and Qi. It's vast but not turbulent, like the sun and moon hanging eternally in the sky. This type of cultivation method is truly miraculous." Yi Ming was also feeling it carefully, occasionally giving some pointers.

"I don't think the Maha Prison Suppression Scripture is an unorthodox path. On the contrary, it's a path of subduing devils. It's an inclusive mind that suppresses the devils of hell. I've read the scripture in detail, and I think it's very much in line with the Legalists' path of punishing evil." Gu Chensha asked for advice again.

"The Maha God can be both righteous and evil. In the legends, he was the god that suppressed hell, as well as the king of all the demons and evil gods in hell. Thus, the Maha Suppression Scripture has both righteous and evil, and it's difficult to distinguish them. It's the same for those who cultivate this scripture. If they want to become a demon or an immortal, they can do it according to their own will."

Yi Ming explained, "However, there are three volumes to this scripture. With my cultivation, I can only cultivate the first volume. The other two volumes are even more profound and are not something I can come into contact with."

"What is the cultivation of that Barbarian King Carlo?" Gu Chensha thought back to the Barbarian King who had come through the teleportation formation.

"He has reached the 12th Dao Realm Transformation, the Soul Seizing Realm. Everywhere he goes, everyone within 10 miles will be controlled by his Spiritual Sense and become his subordinates. This is his trump card to deal with the Yongchō army."

Yi Ming said, "Above the 9th Dao Realm is the cultivation of the soul, Spiritual Sense, Spiritual Sense, and Mental Energy. The 10th Dao Realm is to split one's mind into 1,000 parts and do different things without conflicting.

At this Dao Realm, one's calculations are so strong that it is inconceivable. This is why one needs the Glass Jade Body's brain to support it. If one doesn't cultivate the Glass Jade Body, the brain won't be able to take it, and it will be tough for one to do 10 things at once. One might even become an idiot.

As for the 11th Transformation, Soul Tentacle, thousands of thoughts will spread out from your body to sense the situation around. It will be much clearer than seeing with one's own eyes. One will be able to see through space and even observe the structure of matter. This is something that Xiantian Earth Energy can't do.

The Thirteen Transformations, Soul Snatching, was when thousands of tentacles and thoughts were born and entered someone else's body, suppressing their thoughts and controlling their body. When one reaches this Dao Realm, one will be really terrifying when walking in the human world. " "Soul Tentacle, Soul Seizing Realm, these two moves are really terrifying and can't be blocked."

Gu Chensha was shocked, "As long as one's realm is lower than his, he doesn't even need to look at you. Within 10 miles, he can suppress your thoughts and turn you into his puppet.

Xiantian Earth Energy is something that has form and can be avoided and blocked. However, Soul Power is something that one can't defend against at all. "

"Right, there are many levels of strength. Below the 5th Dao Realm, one uses the brute strength of the body. From the 6th to the 11th Dao Realm, one uses Xiantian Earth Energy, which is internal strength. At the 12th Transformation, it is God Power!

Brute strength, internal strength, spirit, the soul, the soul, the mind. "Yi Ming explained in detail," This is like how the ancients used stone tools, then bronze tools, and then iron tools. Each time, there will be a fundamental change. "

"I am already familiar with the various changes from Mortal Realm to Dao Realm. I also know how to use the vibrations of the magnetic poles to cause the spiritual energy in the Spiritual World to leak down. To put it bluntly, if one wants to step into Dao Realm, one needs to vibrate their vital energy, coordinate their breathing, and form a Feng Shui Formation within the body to strengthen the penetrating power of the magnetic poles. This will cause spiritual energy to be absorbed into the body and fuse with vital energy to strengthen the body and open up hundreds of acupoints."

Gu Chensha totally understood. After learning and comprehending, his heart was crystal clear. He had deduced the changes from Mortal Realm to Dao Realm and was extremely familiar with it.

At this moment, he felt that Dao Realm wasn't far from him. He was just lacking that thin layer of window paper. Once the opportunity arrived, he would be able to break it.

"Right, Master has already understood everything, so there is no more confusion or hesitation. This is good for cultivation, but Master needs to be careful. You can't use Heaven Dew randomly. This item has the ability to steal the power of heaven and earth. In the future, when you step into Dao Realm, absorb spiritual energy and then use Heaven Dew. The two will combine and your cultivation speed will be 10 times faster. Heaven Dew strengthens everything and can bestow spirituality to anything."

Yi Ming pointed out once more, "The first transformation of the Dao Realm is to absorb spiritual energy and accumulate it. This requires five to eight years of diligent training day and night. After that, your body will change and you will reach the second transformation, the realm of nine bulls and two tigers. However, if Master uses the Heavenly Dew to neutralize the spiritual energy, you will only need eight to ten days to reach the second transformation. After that, you will be able to reach the third transformation in a year, the fourth transformation in three years, and the fifth transformation in five years. The effects of the Heavenly Dew are far more than that.

"There are so many uses for Heaven Dew?"

Gu Chensha felt it was a pity. In order to evolve the Hornless Dragon Armor, he wasted a total of four hundred drops of heavenly dew. It was not worth it at all. "Oh right, I also obtained a Law Breaker Immortal Sword. How do I obtain it?"

Gu Chensha wore the Horned Dragon Armor and reached out. A silver fish-like Celestial Sword appeared in his hand.

The Celestial Sword appeared from the Sun Moon Altar and instantly gave off a majestic aura. It charged into the sky and was about to fly out. Even Gu Chensha's body was dragged up.

Luckily, Yi Ming was there. He grabbed with both hands and Xiantian Energy turned into a bubble that wrapped the Celestial Sword within.

The Celestial Sword struggled but it was unable to break free from the suppression of a Dao Realm Transformation Seven expert.

"This sword is amazing."

Shock appeared on Yi Ming's face, "The spiritual energy in its body isn't enough and it only has 10% of its usual strength. If it is full, even I won't be able to suppress it. The reason why our Barbarian Race couldn't occupy Xian Dynasty was because we had no other choice. Law Breaking, Law Breaking, Law Breaking, Five Sword Combination, along with the Ten Thousand Law Through Heaven Formation, gathered together to form a giant sword formation. It was enough to kill the Barbarian Emperor.

But after the five Celestial Swords form the formation, the spiritual energy within will be used up. We will need 100 years of accumulation before we can form it a second time. " "So, that is the case."

Gu Chensha said, "I heard people from the Chen Family say that Grand Tutor Wen Hong is about to reach the 27th Dao Realm Transformation. When the time comes, he will retract the sword. Who knows if it is true or not?"

"It is most probably true. Grand Tutor Wen Hong is a shocking person and cultivates the Ten Thousand Star Flying Celestial Technique. He also obtained the corpse of an ancient god and merged it into his body, increasing his cultivation by 1,000 years. This is a huge miracle which is why he is so much stronger than normal people."

Yi Ming was still suppressing the Law Breaking Celestial Sword, "This sword has his mark and there is no way to subdue it. Unless there is someone at a higher realm than him, but where can I find such a person?

Unless it is Great Yong Heaven Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian. He can refine it with a flick of his finger.

Of course, if I use Maha Sacrifice to kill living beings and use its power, I might be able to wipe out Wen Hong's mark. " "Sacrifice?"

Gu Chensha suddenly thought about it, "Why don't I find a way to sacrifice Maha God? If I sacrifice the Heaven Dao, it will be easy to wipe out Grand Tutor Wen Hong's mark. But I haven't found a way to do it from the ancient books. "

"Yi Ming, you are also one of the higher-ups of the Barbarian Race. Do you know how strong my father is?

We are going to wage a huge war against the Barbarian Race and we are facing the Evil God. Do you think we have a chance of winning? "Actually, this was what Gu Chensha cared about the most.