Chapter 983
===========

"Wu Dangkong's betrayal caused the Human Dynasty's fate energy to increase, charging towards the Heavenly Court. The Qi Country's fate energy also increased, expanding their territory and giving birth to countless talented and bold people. The entire Human World is now facing off against each other.

But if these two will take over the Human World in the future, that might not be the case. I've already seen at least ten other families' fate energy increasing rapidly. In the future, as these people develop, their fate energy will connect, and they might be able to compete with the Human Dynasty and the Qi Country. "

Gu Chensha stood high up in the sky and observed the entire Mortal World. He had a panoramic view of everything in the Mortal World. With his current cultivation, not only could he observe everything in the Mortal World, he could even calculate the state of all living beings in his heart and deduce the changes in their fate.

Gu Chensha had long reached the Heaven Realm, and now he had surpassed it, reaching the Heavenly Dao Realm. Above the Heaven Realm was the Heavenly Dao.

In Gu Chensha's body, there was no Heaven Realm, but a supreme mass of energy that could change at will. This was the Heavenly Dao.

The corresponding power of the Heaven Realm was the seventh level of Immortality, while the corresponding power of the Heavenly Dao was the eighth level of Immortality.

And after the collapse of the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian, the terrifying existence that was born from their fusion was the ninth level of Immortality.

The Supreme Immortal Realm had never appeared in the long river of history. Even the Heavenly Dao had not reached such a realm. And Gu Chensha had already started to comprehend this realm.

Moreover, he had a lot of clues, and he could only wait for the right opportunity to completely comprehend this realm.

The Emperor Of Heaven had also reached the eighth level of Immortality, Immortality, but compared to him, he was still a lot weaker.

However, the Emperor Of Heaven was currently making some deep calculations, and once he succeeded, his strength would probably rise to a terrifying level.

As for Gu Chensha, he didn't interfere. To him, anything the Emperor Of Heaven did was a test subject that could inspire him, as well as help him reach the Invincible Deathless level. If he killed the Emperor Of Heaven, he would lose a perfect test subject, which would be bad for his cultivation.

His current level of cultivation was beyond the realm of common sense. Most people would still plunder the Dao of others, plundering the sacrifices of others to refine them into deathlessness, plundering the essence of others to strengthen themselves, or absorbing the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to cultivate.

However, he had already unlocked all of his potential. Boundless and boundless spirit energy surged forth. Not only could he improve himself, but he could also share his spirit energy with the masses, nurturing them. This was what it meant to be nurtured by all living things.

Heaven gave birth to all things and nurtured all living beings, but it did not ask for anything in return.

Gu Chensha had already reached this realm. He could nurture all living beings without asking for anything in return.

"The great era is coming. In order to deal with that terrifying thing, I'll add another flame to the Human World." Gu Chensha thought for a long time. "I'll create the fortuitous encounters of all living beings.

The experts of the Human World will be created by me. In the next few years, decades, or even centuries, countless experts will appear. The stronger the living beings are, the stronger I am. " Gu Chensha moved his hands, and waves of essence, energy, and spirit surged from his body.

The enormous essence, energy, and spirit suddenly condensed into a long river above his head. In the long river, many worlds were gradually condensed, as well as countless artifacts. Sabers, spears, swords, halberds, axes, spears, hooks, tridents, bells, pagodas, cauldrons, drums … The auras of these artifacts were not any weaker than the Primordial Dragon Gate, the Primordial Tree, and the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. Some of them were even stronger.

This was Gu Chensha's current strength. With a thought, he could create artifacts that were stronger than the Primordial Dragon Gate, tens of times, or even a hundred times more powerful than the Primordial Dragon Gate. Apart from that, he could also create chaos.

The reason for that was because this long river was filled with an endless amount of primal chaos energy.

In the universe, the structure of the past was endless chaos that enveloped everything. It kept exploding, giving birth to many worlds. Dust worlds, minor worlds, medium worlds, large worlds, and even the Heaven Realm. And now, the long river that Gu Chensha casually created actually included these things.

"Inject!" Gu Chensha casually tossed the long river into the ground of the Human World. Crack, crack!

The entire Human World absorbed the long river, and it seemed to start expanding again. There was an extremely profound change.

In many places in the Human World, because of the various treasures that Gu Chensha injected into the ground, they turned into dragon veins, spiritual energy, immortal energy, and all kinds of high-level energy. The density suddenly increased by hundreds or thousands of times.

If in the past, the Human World was a barren land, then with the injection of Gu Chensha, the Human World became fertile soil.

In the past, the Human World was not good for cultivation, but now, it was a paradise for cultivation.

Gu Chensha used his own strength, his spirit force, to infuse it into the human world, transforming it. His spirit force had reached such a grand realm. He didn't need any external energy. He could rely on himself to transform the world and enrich it.

In the past, Gu Chensha also relied on absorbing the various energies of the world to cultivate, but now, he was giving back to the world. Gu Chensha continuously injected his spirit force into the Human World. In the blink of an eye, several months passed. Bang!

In a certain place in the Human World, there was an ordinary-looking child going up a mountain to chop firewood.

As the child was chopping firewood, he suddenly fell into a cave. There was a deep pool in the depths of the cave. The water in the pool was clear and cold. When the child fell into the pool, he seemed to have startled some powerful existence. Buzz … At the bottom of the pond, a bell that contained innate supreme Qi appeared.

This bell had an aura that could suppress the heavens, and it contained countless mysteries and cultivation paths. It could almost gather all spirits and evolve through the ages, surpassing time and space. The bell directly entered the wood-chopping boy's sea of consciousness.

The boy's body gave off the aura of the Heaven Essence Realm, and it even contained a lot of essence power. Moreover, he was gradually reborn, and his body gave off undying power.

At the same time, in another place, there was a young lady from a noble family. She was reading an ancient book in her room, and then she was embroidering. Suddenly, while she was embroidering, she accidentally pricked her finger and touched the ancient book. The ancient book suddenly gave off a bright light that covered her entire body.

In another country, there was a young man who was being bullied. He suddenly dreamed that a ray of light fell on his head and entered his head. Following this, a voice continuously said, "System, activate, bind host, detect mechanism …" This was a powerful system that the young man had obtained.

This system was even more powerful than the God System of the Prehistoric Civilization. This sort of fortuitous encounter could allow an ordinary person to become a peerless expert. Perhaps in the next few years or decades, these people would truly appear and replace those famous old antiques. Kill!

On a battlefield, there was a general who was constantly killing enemies. He was surrounded by enemies, and just as he was about to be dismembered, the general's greataxe suddenly seemed to come to life. With a sweep of his greataxe, thousands of soldiers were crushed to pieces. The greataxe seemed to contain boundless power.

In another prison cell, there was a prisoner who had been wrongly imprisoned. On his last night, he suddenly dug out a box from a corner of the cell. Inside the box was a medicinal pill. After consuming the medicinal pill, he suddenly exploded out with boundless divine abilities. He blasted his way out of the cell and killed all his enemies.

There were many examples of this happening in the human world over the past few months. Compared to the fortuitous encounter blowout in the Divine Central Continent, this was on a completely different level.

If the fortuitous encounter blowout in the Divine Central Continent was a drop of water, then the fortuitous encounter blowout in the human world was a vast ocean. All of this was caused by Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha had used the power of his heart to create countless treasures and fortuitous encounters. He had even created a system, which he sent into the human world to give to various fated people. These fated people might not know who he was, or might not even agree with his ideals, but it didn't matter.

He was like the Heavenly Dao, without good or evil. He didn't reward people for being kind, nor did he punish them for being evil. He seemed to have broken away from order, and everything was being done for a certain purpose.

"This is bad. The destiny of the human world is in complete chaos."

Zhang Ziran, who had been cultivating in the imperial palace, suddenly opened his eyes. At the same time, Wu Dangkong and Hongling Sha were present. As the Taoist Ancestor and Ancestor of Heaven, they had set up camp in the depths of the imperial palace in order to quickly absorb the offerings, refine them into eternity, and increase their destiny. Of course, this was also at Zhang Ziran's request. He hoped that the two of them would stand guard in the imperial palace, lest the Heavenly Court invaded, and the Emperor Heaven unleashed some of his tricks. At this time, the three of them suddenly sensed the changes in the human world.

This was especially true for Zhang Ziran. He was the Human Ancestor and the ruler of the human world, so the changes in the human world were very clear to him.

In his eyes, he activated a secret art and saw all kinds of people with great destiny rising up in the countless countries, continents, and regions of the human world. Some of them might not have improved their cultivation, but their destiny was like a rainbow piercing through the sun. Moreover, when these destiny rose into the sky, it immediately created a scene of dragons and snakes dancing.

This meant that there were suddenly billions of people with great destiny in the world. Some of them were even almost as lucky as the Children of Heaven. Why were there suddenly people with great destiny popping up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain?