Chapter 545
===========

"The Dharma Saint is indeed hard to deal with."

Gu Chensha thought about it and said, "He is close to the level of the three Heaven Venerables. It is just that his strength hasn't recovered. His current cultivation should be similar to the Sect Leader Chang Weiyang, but as time goes on, he will get stronger and stronger. When the time comes, it will be even harder to restrict him. Moreover, this person has been reborn and comprehended many things. Sister, working with him is the same as working with a tiger. Of course, he has a weakness. The Legalism Faction has a huge population and there are many good and bad people mixed in. We can attack from this aspect." "How?" Gu Huansha had an idea.

"We can split them from within. For example, the Wu Family. Firstly, that Fa Wuxian is arrogant and untamed. He is the unstable factor that caused the Legalism Faction to split."

Gu Chensha said, "Of course, this is just a plot. The real plan is the world's strength. If the Dharma Saint wants to improve, he has to execute his plan. He has to gather the heart power of everyone and extract what he needs. As long as we work together and grab the hearts of everyone, the Dharma Saint won't be able to do anything." "You seem to have studied the heart power of everyone?" Gu Huansha asked.

"I have some insights."

Gu Chensha nodded his head, "Sister, I think you want to use Gu Changjian to obtain the faith of the barbarian race and then use it to do many things?

But faith power is blind and ignorant. There is also dependence and demands, so it isn't a good power. " "As expected, you have obtained the Samadhi within."

Gu Huansha looked carefully for a long while, "If my mother sees you, she definitely won't let you off. That is because you are a talent and actually have a deep understanding of the hearts of all living beings."

"Sister has cultivated to the 29th transformation of Dao Realm and comprehended the chaos. This realm is to gather one's mind and break through the billions of dimensions. One can directly merge one's mind into the chaos outside the world to analyze the source and train one's own mind. Then, one can comprehend how the chaos gives birth to worlds. From there, one can break through and create a tiny world.

This is the true mystery of the Deity level. The difficulty of this transformation is even more difficult than cultivating from a mortal to the 29 transformations. In the beginning, you were an immortal, but in the end, you were a god. "

Gu Chensha's wealth of knowledge was not something that Gu Huansha could compare to. His understanding of cultivation was something that even Gu Huansha, who had the guidance of the Immortal Master, could not compare to. "In my opinion, royal sister, there's no need for you to comprehend the Primal Chaos first. Instead, you should comprehend the human heart first. From the human heart, you can extract all kinds of energy. As long as you're familiar with it, comprehending the Primal Chaos is just around the corner." "Where did you get so much knowledge from?" Gu Huan Sha was getting more and more shocked.

"Actually, there's another way to attack the Dharma Saint. That is to once again form a trend of thought among the people to criticize the Dharma Saint and refute the various principles established by the Dharma Saint. This way, the principles of the Dharma Saint will gradually lose popularity among the people, and in turn, the people will think that he's a liar. This is also the way to reform the cauldron."

Gu Chensha said, "Changing the ruler of the world, using force to reform the mandate of heaven is one way, but using this method to reform the cauldron is also the right way.

When the world changes, the people's hearts change first. This is an unbreakable truth throughout the ages. " "Wonderful, wonderful."

Gu Huansha clapped her hands. "This is the best way to deal with the Dharma Saint. However, your Department of Calmness has already grasped the hearts of the people. If I were to interfere, it would be difficult for me to continue."

"No matter. My Department of Calmness has stirred up a trend of thought. What we extract from the power of the people is oaths and wishes, and nothing else. You can extract other things, such as taking back the laws of order from the hands of the Dharma Saint?"

Gu Chensha began to provoke the conflict between Gu Huansha and the Dharma Saint. This was an upright strategy. "My Department of Calmness and the Celestial Designer Department can cooperate perfectly. The Department of Calmness will lead the way and point out the direction, while the Celestial Designer Department will build from the back and lay the foundation for the specific laws. Wouldn't this be seamless?

Think about it, the imperial court is now unprecedentedly prosperous. The people's hearts are united, and the ideas are exploding. This is an unprecedented era. We must not stick to the rules, but create an unprecedented merit. Only then can we achieve great things and transcend the ages. "" Yes.

Now that the population of the Yongchō has reached ten billion, it has begun to clean up the Wilderness, and the four seas have submitted. If it continues to develop, with such a huge force, if the Ancient Emperor uses it as a sacrifice, the accumulated Emperor's Qi can be exchanged for something. "Gu Huansha also felt that the imperial court and the people had great potential.

"That's right."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Moreover, the population of the Yongchō is only ten billion. It has just begun. If you and I work together, the population will explode in a few decades. In addition to me spreading the Dragon Cultivation Mantra, when the time comes, geniuses will appear. Won't the power of the people be the greatest wealth?

Think about the true gods of the past, such as the Great Spirit God. He controlled the imperial court and had a population of over a hundred million. Everyone believed in him and worshipped him. From the ancient times until now, the faith of over a hundred million people has been accumulated for tens of thousands of years, causing his God Kingdom to become extremely strong. But so what? Can it be compared to the world today? The people of the world are the greatest wealth, and we can extract great treasures from them. Think about it, the highest realm of the Emperor's God-Sealing Art is the unity of the people.

If we work together and work hard, although we can't reach this stage, if we get close, we can definitely surpass the three great Celestial Lords. "

"Royal Brother, you have a glib tongue, even I am moved. However, what you said today, I have to think about it." Gu Huan Sha said. "This matter is too important. Moreover, my mother has her own plans."

"That's good too. Royal Sister, take care. In short, this is a great opportunity to transcend. If we miss it, I'm afraid we will all sink into oblivion."

Gu Chensha cupped his fists, and his body dispersed, disappearing without a trace. Even Gu Huan Sha did not know how he left.

The two great Demon Taoist Ancestor Masters guarding outside were also shocked. They did not know what method Gu Chensha used to leave. Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Technique could even fool the Sages, let alone them?

"Shh …" Gu Huan Sha let out a long breath, and turned to ask. "Uncles, what do you think of this Gu Chensha?" "Amazing. Unfathomable. We can't see what his cultivation is like."

Ghost Axe sighed, "Seems like I'm really getting old. The younger generation is getting more and more powerful. Fa Wuxian is known as a natural born saint and is incomparably arrogant. But compared to Gu Chensha, he's not even worthy to carry his shoes." "What's even more amazing is that mouth of his. His tongue is so glib that even I heard it."

God Works said. "This person is not simple. He has the danger of mountains and rivers in his chest, and his heart is deep. The key is that every word he says is a gem, and what he says is the truth of the Great Path. No one can refute him. The way to deal with the Dharma Saint is simple and feasible, and it can gather power for us. If the Princess can refute the Dharma Saint, it will bring about a change of thought among the people, and re-establish the order that the Princess believes in. I'm afraid that with this power, the Princess can really break through to the God Level, and quickly turn the Minute Dust World into a Minor Thousand World."

"I have to tell Mother about this. With Mother's cultivation, she will definitely be able to see through the changes in this person. We have to be careful when dealing with him. If we are not careful, we will fall into his trap." Gu Huan Sha waved her hand. "Let's go. I'll see what Mother has in mind." At this time, Gu Chensha had already entered the Common People's Wish sphere.

This time, he had dealt with Gu Huan Sha and obtained the Hundred Treasures Celestial River and 360 powerful treasures. It could be said that his gains were not small. However, he would not let his guard down. This treasure definitely contained a restriction, and it might even be an extremely powerful restriction. If he equipped it for the Common People's Wish Marshal, he might suffer a double loss. He was a schemer, and he and Zhuge Ya each had their own strengths, so how could he be fooled?

Zhuge Ya was still sitting in front of the Tree of Wishes, condensing his cultivation and controlling the circulation of the sphere. At the same time, he was increasing his strength.

Seeing that Gu Chensha had returned, he nodded his head. "Your Highness's gains this time are not small. The main thing is that you have grasped a portion of the Celestial Master's secrets. Other than that, you have also found out who is in charge of the Celestial Designer Department. The Celestial Designer Department has grasped many prehistoric civilizations and is now on equal footing with our Calming Immortal Department. They still have a huge market among the people. Our Calming Immortal Department specializes in human extras. We have given up on manufacturing other things and focused on refining them.

We are unable to suppress the Celestial Designer Department's market. "" There is no other way. The Devil Calamity is about to erupt, and the world will fall. I have tried all ways to delay it, but I am still unable to turn the tide. The Devil Calamity will erupt sooner or later. We can only use human extras to increase the strength of the people in the world. In the future, in the great calamity, there will be a spark left. "Gu Chensha had long seen through all the variables.

He shook the spatial ring in his hand, and instantly, a river appeared. In this river, 360 treasures revolved around each other. The number of cycles were all within.

"Good treasure."

Zhuge Ya smiled. "However, the Celestial Master has an unparalleled will within. With our strength, it will be hard to refine it. If we give it to the Common People's General, he will probably be assimilated in an instant and turn into Gu Huansha's puppet."

"It is natural that she would set up restrictions within. If she didn't, it would be weird." Gu Chensha said. "However, it would be a waste if we don't swallow this treasure." "It is as practical as the golden token of my presence. It can dispel the restrictions on it."

Zhuge Ya said, "Your Majesty's strength is far above the Celestial Master's. However, I feel that the Celestial Master and the Emperor have a close relationship and even gave birth to Gu Huansha. There are secrets that we don't know about.

Also, using this treasure, we can do many things. Why don't we merge it with the Common People's General?

The Common People's General's current cultivation is at the 23 transformations. It is enough to help the governor do anything. There is no point in raising his combat strength by a few more realms. "