Chapter 766
===========

The immortal master and Wan Senshi were ready to attack at any moment. They wanted to take advantage of the fact that Gu Chensha and the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha were fighting, injuring each other and taking advantage of the situation.

However, they hadn't expected the situation to change so quickly. The moment the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha made his move, Gu Chensha shifted the tribulation, woke up, cultivated to the god realm, formed the World Tree into the Primordial Tree, and gathered all the power of the Department of Tranquility. With one swipe, he broke through the Great Thousand of Sun-Moon, and with another swipe, he obtained the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha's Essence.

Although the series of changes was dazzling to the eye, it only took a few breaths of time to complete.

Originally, almost all the heavyweights thought that this battle would last for a long time. Thinking about it, Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu's battle had already been going on for several years, and the victor had yet to be decided. Now, the battle between the Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, and the Tranquil Immortal Department was even more intense. Wouldn't it take decades for the victor to be decided? But in reality, the intense battle was over in just a few breaths of time. It was completely against common sense. Even if the old-timers intervened, they wouldn't be able to do anything.

Therefore, the old-timers could only watch helplessly as Gu Chensha devoured a tenth of the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha's Essence.

Even old-timers like Wan Senshi and the immortal master felt powerless in the face of such a situation.

They were powerless against the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha, and even more powerless against Gu Chensha. It was as if the new generation was replacing the old.

"It looks like a new era has arrived," said Wan Senshi.

Immortal Master Wan said, "Could it be that even we, the overlords of this world, have to bow before these monstrous treads produced by the great calamity? I'm not resigned to that. " "We'll always have a chance," said the immortal master.

"The tides are changing, and no one can control fate. Even Gu Taxian can't say he's one hundred percent sure of victory in his fight with the heaven-dao. So whether it's Gu Chensha or Gu Tiansha, one wrong move and they'll both perish. Don't worry. "

"The three celestial sovereigns have been plotting for the Primordial Tree all this time. I didn't think they'd succeed, but if the heaven-dao changes on a large scale, perhaps they'll stand a chance. We need to scheme for something big, or we'll be killed and used as fodder in the future." Even an old-timer like Wan Senshi felt a sense of urgency.

"Originally, when you established the New Divine Land, captured the Jade Bracelet Dew, established your prestige, and spread the Doomsday Salvation Scripture, so that your ideals would blossom and bear fruit in the hearts of all living beings. This would allow you to truly obtain the supreme merit of saving the world.

To be able to push your cultivation to break through the bottleneck once again, this was originally an excellent idea. Unfortunately, the Tranquil Immortal Department was a huge obstacle, "the Immortal Master said.

"It's the same for you. You obtained the Prehistoric Civilization, and your ambition is greater than mine. The Prehistoric Civilization actually wanted to use a system that they created to replace the Heavenly Dao. Although the Prehistoric Civilization failed, you still wanted to try again, and you saw hope of success. Because of Gu Taxian's entanglement with the Heavenly Dao, the Heavenly Dao is weakening. Not only will your cultivation improve very quickly, but your plan is actually being carried out in the dark. You have a trump card, and some of the most important treasures of the Prehistoric Civilization are in your hands. I more or less know a little, "said Immortal Master Wan.

"The same goes for you," the immortal master said. "In fact, you also have a lot of tricks that you haven't used yet. In short, we need to really start working together. We need to form a group and rope in some powerful beings. Otherwise, we won't be able to fight against a group of young people who have had a fortuitous encounter."

"If we really work together, we can really do a lot of things," the immortal master said. "One more thing, and that is, just the two of us working together is useless. We need to be sincere, and rope in all the big shots, such as the Great Spirit God, the three Celestial Masters, the Dharma Saint, and the old monsters of the Dragon Sect of the Primitive Universe. As for the other overlords in the depths of the space-time turbulence, we need to contact them one by one, explain how powerful they are, and form an alliance.

Of course, those old antiques definitely all have ulterior motives, but it doesn't matter. We can even devour them one by one in the future, "Wan Senshi said.

"That would be for the best," the immortal master said, nodding. "Then let's go get in touch."

As they spoke, the two heavyweights dispersed, vanishing into the depths of the space-time turbulence.

At the same time, in another part of the space-time turbulence, the Little Grandmist Tree floated above Gu Chensha's head, constantly emitting vast amounts of grandmist energy that enveloped his entire body.

Gu Chensha had already completely refined the essence he had obtained from the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha.

Gu Chensha had obtained one-tenth of the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha's essence, and after Gu Chensha had completely refined it, the most important thing wasn't an increase in his cultivation base, but a metamorphosis of his very essence.

Gu Chensha's essence was originally a heavenly dao art. However, because of the conflict between the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the heavenly dao, his will was still unable to control the heavenly dao art. If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian was at a disadvantage, his heavenly dao art might collapse. Even if he managed to defeat the will of the Heavenly World and fuse the Infinity Umbrella into his body, he still wouldn't be able to control the heavenly dao art. There would always be some flaws in it.

However, after devouring one-tenth of the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha's essence, he would be able to control the heavenly dao art. After all, the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha himself was a freak. This person was something that emerged from the conflict between Gu Taxian and the heavenly dao.

His essence was strange and unique, and could be said to be one of a kind. Even if Gu Chensha obtained the Grandmist Tree, the Desolate Dragon Gate, and the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, it wouldn't be as effective as capturing the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha.

"A Will to Connect Heaven!"

Gu Chensha stood up. In an instant, his will seemed to link up with the world, and he could completely understand many changes in the Heavenly Dao. He could obtain the blessings and misfortunes in the depths of the future tribulations. This was the Dao Realm 32 Transformations, 'A Will to Connect Heaven'.

After Gu Chensha defeated the will of the Heaven Realm, he devoured the Endless Umbrella and reached God Level, the Dao Realm 30 Transformations, 'World Creation'. However, the realms in the future would become more and more difficult. In other words, it would be almost impossible for him to raise each realm.

But now, after devouring a tenth of Gu Tiansha's Quintessence, he'd actually directly advanced from the 30th Transformation to the peak of the 32nd Transformation, A Single Thought Connects to the Heavens. In this way, he'd simply saved hundreds or even thousands of years of bitter accumulation, or perhaps even more.

"If I completely devour this freak's Origin, I'm afraid I'll immediately become a Heavenly Lord …" Gu Chensha felt that the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, was a peerless delicacy. He was sufficiently attractive to him. After all, he had already experienced so many trials and tribulations to become a God, let alone becoming a Saint or a Heavenly Lord.

Once he reached God Level, his combat strength would be enough to shock the heavens and earth. He could even suppress Heavenly Lords. If he became a Heavenly Lord, he would be invincible. Wan Senshi, Celestial Lord, Dharma Saint, The Great Spirit God, all of these people would be wiped out with the flick of a finger.

Thinking about it, the difference between God Level and Heavenly Lord was like an elephant and an ant. The difference between Gu Chensha becoming a God Level and Heavenly Lord was huge.

Of course, for someone like him to become a Heavenly Lord, it would be thousands of times harder than someone like the Dharma Saint.

Logically speaking, he wouldn't be able to become a Heavenly Lord. Only by devouring Gu Tiansha would he be able to. Of course, Gu Tiansha also wanted to devour him.

No matter which one of them devoured the other, there would be a qualitative transformation. Now, Gu Chensha was already showing signs of a transformation. After Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha lost 10% of his origin, he was already at a disadvantage in his battle against the Calming Xian Department.

However, if Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha continued to increase his cultivation, he would be a huge threat to the Calming Xian Department. This was because Gu Chensha had only plundered 10% of his origin. There was still 90% of his origin that hadn't been completely harmonized and released its power. Otherwise, the Calming Xian Department would have long since been reduced to ashes.

"I'm just a step away from becoming a Sage." Lou Baiyue flew out from the small sapling, the 'Little Hongmeng Tree'.

This' Little Hongmeng Tree 'was only three feet tall, but the space and world within it was much richer than before. It could be said that one could see the big in the small. This was already close to the mysterious realm of containing countless worlds within a tiny speck of dust.

"That's right. After I become a Sage, my abilities will increase by a lot. Becoming a Sage is a huge hurdle. Unfortunately, I'm still a little short. If I could devour more origin energy, becoming a Sage wouldn't be difficult."

Gu Chensha nodded and said, "However, I've already cultivated to the Deity level. Moreover, I'm at the 32 Transformations, One Thought Connecting Heaven realm. If I unleash my full strength, defeating the Dharma Saint wouldn't be a problem. "

"That's right. Just based on my own strength, without using any treasures, I'm no longer a match for you."

At this time, Heavenly Lord Martial Sage also came out from the Little Hongmeng Tree. He stood in the space-time turbulence and looked at Gu Chensha with a gratified expression. "How exactly did you break free from the pull of the Heaven Realm's will? What kind of world did you enter? "

"I was pulled into a world without an emperor. Even now, I don't know if that world is real or fake."

Gu Chensha thought carefully. He had escaped at the most critical moment, but he still felt that it was a pity. He felt that there were still many things in that dream world that he could experiment and explore. "I wonder when I can enter that dream world again?"