Chapter 1067
============

Four Realms Become One

"I've found you two, Teddy Lin Yu and Meholi."

Lin Xiaofan was very calm in front of the two experts, as if the situation was under his control. "I know you're also looking for me, but I've voluntarily appeared in front of you. Don't you want to devour me immediately?"

"Lin Xiaofan, you're also someone favored by the Heavenly Dao, but I can see that you've had some other fortuitous encounters. Your power is too great, and we can't suppress you."

Meholi's eyes were very cold, and there was great greed in them. He knew that if he devoured Lin Xiaofan and Teddy Lin Yu, he would have an eighty percent chance of reaching the Undying Realm. However, if he started devouring them, he would definitely be attacked by the arcana network.

Moreover, he might not be able to defeat Lin Xiaofan. The aura coming from him made him feel a deep sense of fear.

"That's right. You're working together to do something earth-shattering. I want to do it too."

Lin Xiaofan said. "Meholi, you actually have a lot of potential, but for some reason you can't unleash it. If you could unleash it, you would have reached the Undying Realm long ago. However, I have a way to suppress the mark of Fa Wuxian in your body. How will you thank me?" "What? You have a way? "

Meholi was shocked, but then he calmed down. "It's useless. No matter how strong you are, you're only at the Heavenly Dao level. You're still far from the Undying Realm. Recently, Gu Chensha seems to have divided the power of the Heavenly Dao in the Arcana Guild into Minor Heavenly Dao, Minor Heavenly Dao, Middle Heavenly Dao, Grand Heavenly Dao, Colossal Heavenly Dao, and Super Colossal Heavenly Dao. It's the same as the division of the universe. Right now, you're only at the Colossal Heavenly Dao level. You haven't reached the Super Colossal Heavenly Dao level yet. How can you help me?" "I have my ways," Lin Xiaofan said.

Lin Xiaofan said, "In short, let's work together to fight against Gu Chensha first. As for suppressing Fa Wuxian's brand in your body, I already have a way, but you must do as I say."

"Meholi, don't be fooled by him. He can't suppress the imprint of Fa Wuxian in your body. Fa Wuxian is the unparalleled Lord of Devouring. After going through the tribulations, his remnant will is already at the Invincible Deathless Realm. If he could suppress it, he would have long since devoured you." Zhao Jiangshan appeared here.

"You're Zhao Jiangshan," Meholly said.

"Oh, you actually know me. Not bad, not bad."

Zhao Jiangshan was surprised, but then he said, "I forgot that your will is currently suppressing Fa Wuxian's brand. You're constantly fighting with it, so you remember everything that happened in the past. In fact, you're the second Fa Wuxian. You've inherited all his cultivation experience."

"That's right. I feel the same way when Gu Chensha turned Fa Wuxian into a dog, but I won't be affected by his brand. I won't fight Gu Chensha to the death right now. The way I see it, the former Fa Wuxian was blinded by hatred, so he couldn't see things clearly. He didn't take things slow, and in the end, he died. That's a stupid thing to do."

Meholly had his own will. "But Fa Wuxian's will is really annoying. He's always trying to transform me, turn me into his puppet, and revive him. But he doesn't know that with his personality, even if he revives me, what can he do? He still can't escape from being suppressed. "

"That's your advantage. You can endure until now, and you still haven't killed your enemy, Neville. But let me tell you, it's lucky that you didn't do it, because Neville is Gu Chensha's incarnation. In fact, you obtained the gourd because of Gu Chensha. He descended and turned into Neville, and as Neville's enemy, you, Meholly, were coincidentally sensed by the gourd, allowing you to continue this hatred," Zhao Jiangshan said. "I'm afraid you don't understand these mysterious things."

"So that Neville is Gu Chensha. No wonder Roland became the highest elder of the Arcane Guild and quickly ascended to the Heavenly Dao Realm." Meholly suddenly realized. "If that's the case, how can I take revenge? Where did the real Neville go? "

"The real Neville had a fortuitous encounter and entered the new world. He's cultivating in the new world. If he has the cultivation of the Heavenly Dao Realm, you can't do anything to him. You should know that the Heavenly Dao achieved in the new world is extremely powerful, thousands of times stronger than the ordinary Heavenly Dao," Zhao Jiangshan said. "Your only hope now is to ascend to the Undying Realm." "I also know that only by ascending to the Undying Realm can I be invincible," Meholly said.

"Zhao Jiangshan, you're the first person to ascend to the Heavenly Dao Realm. You're extremely powerful. Now that you've broken free, you're free and unfettered. Your appearance makes me feel that you're going to do something earth-shattering." "That's right. I'm going to do something earth-shattering, and I need your help."

Zhao Jiangshan said, "Are you willing to help me or not? If I succeed, I guarantee that you'll all ascend to the Undying Realm, and you'll be able to injure Gu Chensha and Mr. Invincible. When that happens, the universe will have a new master. More importantly, if you can injure Gu Chensha, his destiny will decrease, and the new world will explode. Most of the destiny will belong to us, and we'll use this opportunity to reach the tenth level of the Undying Realm. What do you think?" Zhao Jiangshan said.

"What? The tenth level of the Undying Realm? Undying Realm? "

Meholly, Lin Xiaofan, and Teddy Lin Yu were all shocked. To them, the ninth level of the Undying Realm was their life goal. The tenth level of the Undying Realm was something they didn't even dare to think about.

One should know that no one could ascend to the Undying Realm from the Heavenly Dao Realm. Be it Mr. Invincible or Gu Chensha, they weren't even human.

As for Fa Wuxian, he had turned into a gourd the moment he ascended. Now, he was neither human nor ghost. He was no different from a dead person, and the hope of resurrection was minuscule.

It was already so difficult to ascend to the Undying Realm from the Heavenly Dao Realm, let alone to the Undying Realm.

"Right now, in this world, only Gu Chensha has a chance of advancing to this realm. He is planning. If his plan succeeds and he reaches this realm, then we basically have no hope at all in front of him. So, right now, all of you seem to be safe, but in reality, you can die at any time. You are on the verge of collapse. We have no way out. Next, we can only give it our all," said Zhao Jiangshan.

Lin Xiaofan, Teddy Lin Yu, and Meholly were terrified by Zhao Jiangshan's words. They knew how dangerous it was.

"What do we do now?" the three asked simultaneously.

"It's simple. Listen to me. This is one of my four modules. "

Zhao Jiangshan suddenly moved, and four cubes appeared behind him. Each cube displayed the embryonic form of a universe. The embryonic form of this universe displayed the mother nest universe, the Extreme Martial Universe, the Primal Chaos Universe, and even the origin of the Arcane Universe.

"The Origin of the universe, this is …" the three cried out. "No, impossible. How can you have the Origin of the four universes? The Arcana Universe has given you a part of the Origin. What are you trying to do?"

"Teddy Lin Yu, Lin Xiaofan, you're both favored by the Heavenly Dao. You're the sons of the Arcana Universe's Heavenly Dao, but who am I?

I, Zhao Jiangshan, am one of the creators of the Arcana Universe. Back then, I transformed into an ox, opened up the void, and created one universe after another. These universes united to form the current Arcana Universe. As the Mother of the Universe, I naturally have some privileges. This is different from you. "

Zhao Jiangshan looked at the three coldly. "However, an excellent opportunity is right in front of you. I'm now presiding over the merging of the Origin of the four universes. At the most crucial moment, the four universes will unite, and that will be the time when your divine arts will reach their strongest." "You want to carry out such a huge plan?"

Teddy Lin Yu was stunned, but then he said, "If that's the case, riches can only be found in danger. I'll follow you." He was the first to respond. This showed that he was quick-witted.

Originally, he was the Son of the Heavens, but with the appearance of Lin Xiaofan, his destiny was taken away, and he started to go downhill. Moreover, he was filled with lofty aspirations, but before he could do anything, he was depressed. Every time he thought about it, he felt extremely wronged. Now that he had finally found an opportunity, he might as well fight with Zhao Jiangshan.

Moreover, he knew that if he didn't follow Zhao Jiangshan, he would probably be devoured by Meholi. Lin Xiaofan's strength was even higher than his, and he was also eyeing him covetously.

"Wise."

Zhao Jiangshan was not surprised that Teddy Lin Yu was the first to compromise. In fact, he admired him. He made a decision in the blink of an eye. This person had great potential, and he was not stupid.

"If that's the case, I'll take a gamble," Meholi said.

"This way, with the power of the four universes combining, I can immediately remove the mark of Fa Wuxian, obtain independence, and ascend to the Undying Realm." "That's right."

Zhao Jiangshan nodded. "Meholi, actually, you should follow me and push this matter forward. In the process, you will greatly erase the mark of Fa Wuxian. Lin Xiaofan, what do you think?"

"How can I be left out of this?" Lin Xiaofan seemed to be thinking of something. "I'm not afraid of big things, only small things."