Chapter 743
===========

"I know that Fa Wuxian is the Son of the Heaven Realm. If I kill him, I will be targeted by the resentment of the Heaven Realm. In the end, there will be a great calamity. But that doesn't matter. If Fa Wuxian is allowed to grow, it will be a great disaster. Besides, after I control the Endless Thirty-six Treasures, I can subdue the Master of the Sun and Moon. With my Heavenly Dao, I can improve myself to the point where I can control the Heaven Realm.

Besides, Dharma Saint, don't try to scare me here. I know that you want to collect the Endless Thirty-six Treasures, devour them, merge them into one, and seize the opportunity to become the master of the Heaven Realm. Isn't that right? Your plan is very vicious. You wanted to devour Wu Dangkong for a long time, but you didn't wait for the change of the Heavenly Dao. " What kind of person was Gu Chensha?

The Heavenly Dao was unpredictable. Even the Dharma Saint couldn't pretend to be inferior in front of him.

Maybe the Dharma Saint could persuade others with his sweet words, but it was impossible to persuade him.

Moreover, Gu Chensha had already obtained the orthodoxy of the Buddhism Sect. With his Lotus Blossoming Tongue, he could talk things to death and make the stubborn stone nod. He knew what the Dharma Saint was thinking.

"Gu Chensha, the Three Ministers and Eight Marquises of your imperial court are all the reincarnations of the Endless Treasures. Apart from them, there is also that Fang Lin. In this way, together with Wen Hong, you will have 13 Endless Treasures. If you get Fa Wuxian, you will have 14 Endless Treasures. That's almost half of the Endless Treasures. With every additional Endless Treasure, the power will increase by several times. If I let you continue to accumulate it, I'm afraid that the Spirit Demon Plan that I have painstakingly worked on will be destroyed." The Dharma Saint seemed to be thinking of a way to stop Gu Chensha from refining Fa Wuxian.

"It's a good thing to be destroyed. Dharma Saint, you were originally the number one saint of the human race. Your merits were even above that of a Martial Saint. Why did you turn into a demon?" Lou Baiyue asked.

"I created the order of humans, but in the end, I realized that no matter how strict the laws and order were, they still couldn't restrain the greed, stupidity, and ignorance of humans. In the end, I was disappointed in humans because I already knew that it wasn't my laws that were wrong, but humans. You won't understand my pain. "

The Dharma Saint let out a long sigh again. There wasn't a single trace of evil in his tone. It was as if he was narrating some kind of heart-wrenching matter. To the Dharma Saint, humans were children who had gone astray. Not only were they useless, but they had also done all kinds of bad things. Therefore, as a parent, the Dharma Saint could only put righteousness before family and give birth to a good child.

"Dharma Saint, I can understand your thoughts. Ever since you created the laws and order, not only did humans not step into eternal peace and tranquility, but they were also fighting each other because of ambition and desire. This has indeed disappointed you, but this isn't a reason for you to give up on humans. Now, under our leadership, aren't humans thriving?

If you join hands with me, we will definitely be able to create an unprecedented golden age. Why can't you understand? "Gu Chensha looked at the Dharma Saint and was also very distressed. The Dharma Saint was different from Fa Wuxian.

Fa Wuxian was just a paranoid person with great luck. He was arrogant and arrogant. Although he was also extremely smart, his foundation was actually shallow.

The Dharma Saint used to be compassionate and concerned about the common people. It was unknown how many disasters he had withstood for humans. He was a true saint. Even now, after reading the books and deeds of the Dharma Saint, Gu Chensha felt that what the Dharma Saint had done in ancient times could be called great. The Dharma Saint used to have a mind as vast as the sky and as vast as the sea. But because of this, he became more and more disappointed with humans.

"No, you are accelerating the destruction of humans."

The Dharma Saint shook his head. "Your management of humans is completely based on the foundation of material, which is unreliable.

Think about it, you are now relying on the General of the Common People, the various materials born from the World Tree in the medium-class world, and your own peerless force to maintain the situation. If you lose these things, what will it be like now?

I'm afraid there will be chaos immediately. There will be fortuitous encounters everywhere in the Divine Continent, and many ambitious people will be born. If you don't suppress them, I'm afraid there will immediately be countless people proclaiming themselves as kings and hegemons. Countless people will kill and plunder each other, and the Divine Continent will become a land of demons. Is this my original intention?

My ideal is for everyone to operate according to Dharma and Dao, as well as virtue. Everyone has their own bottom line. It's definitely not the current situation where everyone needs to be managed by others. If you can leave on your own and govern the world, then the world can still operate freely. That's true perfection. Otherwise, what's the difference between you and those powerful emperors in history?

So, the one in the wrong is not me, not you, and not the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. The one in the wrong is the people in the world. The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor can suppress the Heavenly Dao, but he can't suppress the people's hearts.

The difference between us now is that I think the human race is hopeless, but you think it can be saved. " "That's right."

Gu Chensha nodded, holding the Infinity Umbrella in his hand, allowing the lightning to strike his body. He stood still and bowed deeply to the Dharma Saint under the umbrella, "Lord Dharma Saint, your past merits are comparable to the sun and moon, can you give us some time?"

"The longer we delay, the more serious the disaster will be, do you know?" The Dharma Saint waved his hand and said, "The great calamity of the world, the destruction of the Heavenly Dao, where does the root cause come from?" "Please enlighten me, Lord Dharma Saint."

At this time, Gu Chensha didn't treat the Dharma Saint as an enemy, but as a parent who was completely disappointed in his child.

"The root cause comes from the hearts of the people in the world."

The Dharma Saint said, "That's why freaks like the Sun-Moon Lord were born. The evil and demonic nature of the human heart is the true ancestor of all devils, the king of all devils, even if there is no devil race.

The human race is much more evil than the devil race. So many years of history have been divided and reunited, reunited and divided.

Every time, it's a bloody tragedy. If it weren't for humans killing each other, they wouldn't have been trapped in the Divine Central Continent for tens of thousands of years.

The more powerful the human race is now, the more arrogant humans will destroy the world in the future.

You can't control it, so I have to stop you, because you're digging your own graves. You're still young, and you don't know how terrifying the arrogant humans are.

You think you can control it now, but sooner or later, you won't be able to control it. In fact, many humans have already developed strange thoughts, and they won't believe the words of the Celestial Tranquility Department. Don't think that it's me, the Celestial Designer Institution, The Great Spirit God, and the three Celestial Masters who are trying to sow discord. That's all secondary. The main thing is that their hearts have already swelled, and they've developed a demonic nature. Every time the Celestial Calmness Department increases their power, the various desires in the depths of their hearts will swell. The desires of the human heart are endless. Even if they become Celestial Masters, they still want to reach Celestial Longevity. Once they reach Celestial Longevity, they want to reach Celestial Origin. Once they reach Celestial Origin, they want to reach Celestial Realm. Once they reach Celestial Realm, they want to transform into the Heavenly Dao. You've expanded this desire. "

"This is indeed a problem. It's easy to exterminate the human race, but it's difficult to eliminate the desires of the human heart. Isn't this the cultivation we need to do?"

Gu Chensha smiled. "The Son of Heaven's God Investiture Art, where all living beings are united, is the highest realm. It's precisely because of the desires and demonic nature of the human heart that we have this opportunity and goal. If we don't have humans, won't we lose the motivation to cultivate?

The essence of surpassing the Heavenly Dao is to make all living beings united. If we join hands, we can overturn the situation and accomplish something unprecedented. That's what makes sense. Dharma Saint, what you're doing now is actually running away. You feel that this game of chess is too difficult, so you want to overturn it. But why do you think that if you start the game again, your situation will be better?

Also, your Spirit Demon Plan is too low. Even if you create new humans, how can you guarantee that they will do as you wish and continue to scheme against each other? "

"Humans are the spirit of all living beings. As long as we can control the human heart, we can basically solve the problems of all living beings."

The Dharma Saint said, "The divine continent is the center of the myriad worlds. As long as we control the divine continent, it's equivalent to controlling the center of the universe.

If the new humans I create aren't perfect, I'll destroy them and recreate them. If the first time doesn't work, I'll do it a second time. If the second time doesn't work, I'll do it a third time, or even trillions of times. It's just like refining pills. After many experiments, there will always be a perfect pill. It's the same for humans.

After creating perfect humans, I'll use humans to spread them out and influence all living beings. In the end, all living beings will become perfect.

And now, all of you clearly know that you've refined a cauldron of pills that don't meet the standards, but you can't bear to throw them away. Deceiving yourselves again and again will only cause you to sink deeper and deeper. In the end, you'll lose everything you have. "

When Gu Chensha heard this, he knew that the Dharma Saint's will couldn't be shaken. He did have his own reasons for doing so. Even Gu Chensha couldn't refute him now, because what the Dharma Saint said was indeed irrefutable. It was precisely because of this that the Dharma Saint was the most terrifying.

In that instant, Gu Chensha knew that the Dharma Saint would probably be even more terrifying than the Great Spirit God in the future. He could feel it from their conversation. The Dao that the Dharma Saint insisted on also contained eternal truth. However, Gu Chensha didn't agree with it.

"I've already said all I have to say."

The Dharma Saint took a deep look at Gu Chensha. "In the face of my Dao, this Fa Wuxian is nothing. If you want to kill him, go ahead."

As he spoke, his body slowly shrank and the light dissipated. In the end, he completely disappeared into the space-time turbulence. He had completely disappeared. It was clear that he had given up on Fa Wuxian. Shh …