Chapter 351
===========

Jing Fanxing still had a trump card. If this person joined forces with Gu Huo, Gu Chensha would have to waste a lot of effort to completely suppress them. But now that the two were separated, it was much easier.

After suppressing Gu Huo, it would not be difficult to kill Jing Fanxing, even if he escaped the Demon Area. Unless he hid in the Black Heaven Earth Gate forever.

Gu Huo was more valuable. At least, he had obtained the Bane of Calamity. After refining this person, Gu Chensha would not be able to absorb the Bane of Calamity, because it had completely fused with Gu Huo's soul.

For example, once Zhuge Ya fused the Seven Star Profound Meaning in his body with his Primordial Spirit, it would be completely stable and could not be taken away. Once he died, the Seven Star Profound Meaning would return to the star itself. Even a Sage could not stop it.

Gu Chensha naturally would not kill Gu Huo. Instead, he wanted to erase his memory and then refine him into an existence on the Heavenly Demon Tree. That way, he would not die, so the Bane of Calamity would not return to the star.

With Gu Huo's talent, he could be absorbed by the Heavenly Demon Tree and become nutrients, which would greatly nourish the People's Wish Sphere.

If he could absorb someone like Gu Huo, who had the Bane of Calamity, into the Heavenly Demon Tree, it would be equivalent to absorbing at least ten Wangji and Xiao Yan.

As for Jing Fanxing, he did not have his own Dao. His cultivation had all been raised by the Black Heaven Earth Gate. There was a big difference. He was not on the same level as Gu Huo.

"The change of the sun and moon, the divine Dao becomes one. The sky of the sun and moon, forever shining. The Dao of the sun and moon, I control the universe." Gu Chensha used the last few moves of the Sun and Moon Shine Together to practice.

Sky of the sun and moon, God of the sun and moon, and Bright of the sun and moon. The four moves of the Dao of the sun and moon were integrated into the Sun and Moon Shine Together.

He had finally mastered this technique. With a wave of both his hands, boundless rays of light pierced into Gu Huo's mana. Instantly, Gu Huo let out a blood-curdling scream. He could no longer maintain his calm expression.

After the Sun and Moon Shine Together technique was completed, its power was extremely great, far surpassing the Common People Heaven Mending Technique and the Common People Heaven Reforming Technique. It was just that this technique wasn't suitable for Gu Chensha to cultivate with his life. It could only be used as support, as resources to continuously perfect the Common People Heaven Mending Technique. Gu Chensha's Dan Qi turned into a scene of the sun and moon shining together, patrolling the sky.

Gu Huo bathed in the light and gradually lost his will. It was as if he was about to be completely refined. His spirituality was suppressed and he became a puppet. At this moment, Gu Chensha suddenly felt great danger.

He raised his head and saw that in the boundless sky of the Devil Domain, a crack suddenly appeared, and a dragon claw stretched out. This dragon claw was black and yellow, and contained boundless rage.

Gu Chensha's body twisted, and he used the power of the Life's Wish sphere. Then he disappeared without a trace.

This dragon claw could have been the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor's attack. He was definitely not a match for it.

He knew that this would happen. Without thinking, he used the power of the Life's Wish sphere to break through space and escape.

Originally, he could not feel the power of the sphere here. But now that his cultivation level had skyrocketed, and more importantly, he had gone through the Great Festival of the Hundred Realms, he could sense many worlds very strongly. It was not difficult to sense the Life's Wish sphere here.

He gave up on killing Gu Huo because he knew that both Jing Fanxing and Gu Huo had been carefully nurtured by Old Antique. Who knew how much time and effort had been spent on them. They could not be killed so easily. As expected, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor attacked.

The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor was a Sage. He had used up a lot of energy to break through space and break through the Devil Domain. He had also had to withstand the spying and counterattack of a Demon God-level expert, which also consumed some of his Yuan Qi. Moreover, Gu Chensha was very agile. He seemed to have escaped when he sensed danger, so he was not hurt. The dragon claw grabbed the air and pulled Gu Huo away. Then the entire Devil Domain calmed down. At this moment, Gu Chensha had already appeared inside the Life's Wish sphere.

Zhuge Ya opened his eyes and clapped his hands in praise. "Your Highness is indeed powerful. You killed Elder Wangji and Elder Xiaoyan. With their spiritual power to feed the Touch of the Ghostly God, this tree has saved at least a hundred years of evolution time. It's a pity that I could not capture Jing Fanxing and Gu Huo. Otherwise, this Touch of the Ghostly God could have become the Heavenly Demon Tree."

"The absorption ability of the Life's Wish sphere has increased by at least ten times. The Great Ritual of the Hundred Realms is indeed extraordinary. It was Mister Zhuge's plan that allowed me to kill him." Gu Chensha had already understood a lot.

"This time, Mister Zhuge killed many birds with one stone. He used Wu Dangkong to sacrifice to the Great Wei Dynasty's Black Yellow Pagoda. Not only did he weaken the dynasty's fate, he also ruined the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor's plan. At the same time, he obtained the Great Ritual of the Hundred Realms, which made the connection between the Life's Wish sphere and the hundreds of worlds closer. The speed of absorption of Yuan Qi has increased, the speed of evolution has increased, and the grotto-heaven has become more stable.

Moreover, after devouring a Banishing Fairy Talisman, the Touch of the Ghostly God will soon evolve into the Heavenly Demon Tree. "

Lou Baiyue was very happy. Seeing the growth of the Life's Wish sphere, she felt that the foundation of the Calming Fairy Department was very strong.

"This time, the best thing to do is to let the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor know that the appearance of the sacrificial talisman will cause him to lose his mind. Actually, his cultivation is about to merge, and it is difficult to suppress it. He has to get rid of this state and break through. Otherwise, he will disappear from the world like many ancient sages, becoming a part of the great dao.

Therefore, he is anxious to get this talisman, and wants to decipher its secret. This way, he will go against Wu Dangkong, and we will be able to reap the benefits. "

Zhuge Ya said, "This Life's Wish sphere has become more stable after the Great Ritual of the Hundred Realms. However, this is still not enough. If the sages go all out, they can still break it and kill us all." "Mister, next, you are going to deal with the Peerless Heavenly Book, right?"

Jin Suibo suddenly said, "My main body still has to sit in this sphere. Otherwise, I will be targeted by the Peerless Heavenly Book, and it might find a chance to kill me. I betrayed it, and its power is gradually recovering. It will definitely not let me go." "The Peerless Heavenly Book's power is a little weak right now."

Zhuge Ya said, "If we can lock onto it, we can indeed suppress it. However, now is not the time. The most important thing now is to find the treasures left behind by the previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, and fuse them into the sphere. Only then will we be able to suppress immortals, and even the treasures of the previous Lord of Seven Stars, and find out how to break the heavenly talisman." "Where is the treasure?"

Gu Chensha asked. "Although I obtained some of Jiang Gongwang's memories and cultivation methods, I do not know where it is.

"Years ago, Jiang Gongwang divined many things about the future, and left behind some methods for me. What he left behind is a coffin called the World Burying Coffin. It's a connate spiritual treasure that was born from the Primordial Chaos Tree.

Back then, Jiang Gongwang expended a great deal of effort to obtain it in an attempt to escape certain tribulations and prevent his Seven Star Mysteries from returning to the stars. Sure enough, after he was plotted against by the three celestials, he hid inside the World Burying Coffin. Although he died, he never returned, and left all of his treasures behind. "Zhuge Ya said," This is what it means to reverse fate. " "How miraculous."

Gu Chensha asked, "The World Burying Coffin on the Primordial Chaos Tree can actually seal the Seven Star Mysteries, and prevent Jiang Gongwang from returning after his death? What is the relationship between the Primordial Chaos Tree and the Dao of Heaven? Or is the will of the Primordial Chaos Tree itself the will of the Heavenly Axiom? "

"No, the Primordial Chaos Tree itself is not the will of the Heavenly Axiom, but something that surpasses the existence of the Heavenly Axiom. However, as the Heavenly Axiom expands, the Primordial Chaos Tree will inevitably be drawn into it. To use an analogy, the Heavenly Axiom is the emperor of a huge dynasty, and the Primordial Chaos Tree is the feudal lord of the seas. It constantly condenses various worlds from the tree, and when the worlds break away from it, they will merge into the domain of the Heavenly Axiom, which is equivalent to offering to the Heavenly Axiom. However, it still has its own independent jurisdiction." Zhuge Ya said, "We are all people under the command of the Heavenly Axiom, and the Primordial Chaos Tree is an independent country. It is not bound by the rules of the Heavenly Axiom, and it has its own rules. " "I see."

Gu Chensha finally understood the analogy, and he had his own ideas about the various anomalies in the world.

Even a sage was a subject of the Heavenly Axiom, and the Primordial Chaos Tree was actually a country independent of the Heavenly Axiom. No wonder there was such a huge difference between a sage and the Primordial Chaos Tree.

"Mister Zhuge, where is the World Burying Coffin?"

Lou Baiyue asked, "If we can obtain the coffin and what is left in it, we might be able to push the World's Wish Sphere to the extreme. By then, I'm afraid even the Sages won't be able to do anything to us, right?"

"Indeed. Although the World Burying Coffin itself is not as good as the real Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd, it can form a world in the coffin. That is a Connate Chaotic World, and it has many magical uses, such as being able to escape the tribulations of the Heavenly Axiom."

Zhuge Ya said, "Unfortunately, Jiang Gongwang still died, and he pinned all his hopes on me. If I merge the Seven Star Profound Meaning that he left behind into my body, I will have the hope of becoming an existence at the level of the three Celestial Masters, surpassing the Sages.

If the coffin is merged into the sphere, it will also have the characteristics of a Connate Spiritual Treasure. By then, suppressing the 72 Mystical Gates of the Immortal Path will not be a difficult task. "

"The Mystical Gate of Heaven and Earth is also a Connate Spiritual Treasure, and it was condensed from the Primordial Chaos Tree. Compared to the World Burying Coffin, which is more powerful?" Jin Suibo asked.