Chapter 798
===========

"You and I still can't unleash the true power of the Inexhaustible Blade and the Inexhaustible Sword. The Inexhaustible Sword is the number one treasure among the thirty-six treasures. Rumor has it that it can sever the milky way, shatter the primal chaos, and slay the heavens with ease. Its power is even above that of the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd."

Gu Changjian's eyes flickered with a cold light. "If a calamity befalls the world, we should kill the General of Common People of the Department of Calmness at the first opportunity and seize his fortune.

The General of Common People governs the world in an orderly manner, and the number of people gathered on him is unimaginable. If we can seize all of them, it's the same as eating up a large portion of the Department of Calmness's achievements. This is something we have to consider. "

"Of course. Now that the Department of Calmness is governing the world, basically all matters big and small are decided by the General of Common People. Because this General has no selfish motives, his calculations are exquisite, and his judgment is unparalleled. He has already become the symbol of justice and righteousness in the hearts of the people. I've observed carefully, and these people have already gathered into something similar to the position of a true god within their bodies. It's no small matter."

As Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian strolled along, the plaza was a hubbub of voices. Crooked fish and honest folk mingled together, and experts came forth in large numbers. However, the two of them constantly sensed that there was an enormous aura lingering in the distant government, constantly watching this place. No one could play any tricks.

The entire Sin Province, every household, every person, and the changes in the geography seemed to be enveloped by something similar to a skynet. Countless data was gathered by this skynet and gathered in one place. It was analyzed, brewed, and operated, thereby coming up with the best plan to govern the world.

Fortunately, Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian had profound cultivation and could avoid the skynet's envelopment and data collection.

Otherwise, the two of them would have long since been targeted, and the data and information gathered in the Little Hongmeng Tree.

"Impressive, impressive!

The entire divine continent is now being overseen by the Great Marshal of the Common People. Then, they are connected and gradually set up a heavenly net in the unseen world. This heavenly net can see through even the smallest detail, big and small matters are all clearly visible to the naked eye. Every movement in the world is always within the grasp of the Celestial Tranquility Department. No small movements can escape such changes. This is the true monitoring of the world. "Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian increasingly felt that they could not act blindly without thinking.

"Experts who cultivate to Dao Realm Transformation 15 can use the Heaven Eye to float in the sky. They can send their soul into the sky and all sorts of situations within 1,000 miles will appear clearly in their eyes. Not to mention a Deity level expert. It's not surprising that the Tranquil Immortal Department could do this, "Gu Tanjian said.

"In the past, even if the Emperor had such influence, like the Martial Emperor, he wouldn't dare to do this because many of the aristocratic clans wouldn't allow the Emperor to do this as it was the same as offending them. But now, the aristocratic clans don't have any temper and can only allow the Calming Immortal Department to do as they please. Especially the Wu Clan, they have completely switched sides to the Calming Immortal Department.

The Martial Saint had revived and cultivated to become an Empyrean. Now, he had become an honored guest of the Calming Immortal Department and a high level big shot, setting an example for many aristocratic families.

Furthermore, recently, Gu Chensha had even resurrected Chang Yuzhou. Because of this, many aristocratic families wanted to rely on them. This was because the Calming Immortal Department could help them resurrect their Sage ancestors!

I think that if you could revive Heavenly Lord Taiyi of Taiyi Fantasy Sect in a few days, your overall strength would be further improved. "

Gu Changjian analyzed step by step. "Under such surveillance, I'm afraid that even if we roped in the reincarnation of an infinite treasure, we wouldn't be able to escape the surveillance of the Calming Immortal Department."

"Infinite treasures are formed by the core willpower of the Heaven Realm. It's still too early for the Calming Immortal Department to control them completely. I've pretended to be courteous with The Great Spirit God and obtained some real secrets from him. As long as we encounter the reincarnation of an infinite treasure, I can activate the secret method of the Heaven Realm to communicate with my aura and fate energy. Together, we can conceal ourselves. No matter how powerful the Calming Immortal Department is, they definitely won't be able to discover us. Furthermore, every time we gather an infinite treasure, our cultivation base will multiply. When we form a formation, we will be invincible." Gu Tanjian was really confident.

"I didn't expect that Elder Brother would also plot against The Great Spirit God in secret. You're really something."

Gu Changjian was secretly shocked. In truth, he and Gu Tanjian were working together to plot against each other. The two of them appeared to be united, but at heart they were divided. Deep in their hearts, they both wanted to steal the other's infinite treasures.

"That's nothing. The Great Spirit God is known to be invincible when it comes to scheming and scheming. However, he isn't invincible. This time, I can see that in front of Gu Chensha, he was still at a disadvantage. He used all of his techniques, but in the end, he was forced into a corner."

Gu Tanjian secretly looked around, pretending to be a disciple of an influential family. He looked around the plaza, as if he wanted to buy something good.

There were also many inexplicable items obtained from ancient ruins in the Demon Realm. They seemed useless, but in the eyes of those who knew what they were, they were great treasures. Many experts would come here to pick up the leftovers, never getting tired of it. At that moment, a woman entered Gu Tanjian's line of sight.

This woman was very young, not even 20 years old. She had a beautiful face, and she wore a light muslin dress with gold embroidery and red embroidery on the inside. She looked extremely otherworldly.

This woman's face was cold, like ice that would not melt for ten thousand years. She looked like she was a thousand miles away. Moreover, she wore a Human Dragon Ring on her finger. This ring was a spatial ring created by the Calming Immortal Department. It had its own space inside and could store many things. It was the best treasure to enter the Demon Realm.

The Human Dragon Ring was extremely valuable. Even ordinary aristocratic families would find it difficult to purchase it from the Calming Immortal Department. It wasn't that the Calming Immortal Department didn't want to sell it, but the price was too high. Those who could afford the Human Dragon Ring were all mighty heroes.

This woman brazenly wore the Human Dragon Ring, attracting the attention of many people. There were also many vicious and cunning people who came to the Sin Province. As the saying goes, the human heart is unfathomable.

However, no one dared to make a move. Firstly, this woman definitely had a supreme skill. Secondly, the laws of the Yongchō were very strict. Anyone who broke the law would be killed immediately. Not to mention ordinary cultivators, even Celestial Venerables would find it hard to escape punishment.

Ever since the news spread that the number one vicious person of the ancient divine prefecture, the Xing Qiong clan, who had torn apart many ancient emperors, had been suppressed and refined into a magic treasure by the Calming Immortal Department, countless cultivators and experts in the world had completely submitted to the imperial court. They behaved themselves and didn't dare to break any laws.

In addition, there were also many righteous people among the people who voluntarily protected the imperial court's dignity.

Of course, no matter how strong the Calming Immortal Department was, there were still treacherous and vicious people in the world. It was impossible to ban all of them. If all of them were eliminated, then it would mean that all living beings were truly united. Gu Chensha would be able to enter an inconceivable realm.

"What? Is there a problem with this woman? "Gu Changjian secretly asked," Why didn't I sense anything? I don't think she's the reincarnation of the Infinity treasure. "

If I'm not wrong, she's the reincarnation of the Infinity Needle. The Infinity Needle is small and sharp, able to break through all forbidden arts and obstacles. Any defensive magical arts would find it hard to escape the stab of the needle. More importantly, the needle is soundless and traceless, and it's the hardest to guard against. Usually, when you fight with someone, it'll take your opponent's life in an instant, and you won't even know who your opponent is. Other than that, the needle can also treat illnesses and stimulate one's potential. This girl has already awakened the transformation of the Infinity Needle, so no one can detect it. Now, the Infinity Heart has split into nine, and they're all scheming against each other, so the ability to sense it has been greatly reduced. In this world, I'm the only one who can sense it. "A smile appeared on Gu Shengjian's face as he strolled toward the girl.

The woman, who was as cold as an ice mountain, had just come out of the Devil's Domain. She was looking around, wanting to buy something, and at the same time, she was selling what she had obtained from the Devil's Domain.

Gu Tanjian walked up to her. "Miss, I see that you just came out of the Devil's Domain with the Human Dragon Ring. You must have captured many demons. Can we talk in detail?"

"Oh?" The woman looked at Gu Tanjian. "What level of demon do you want to buy as puppet subordinates?"

Demons of the Dao Realm and above were easy to sell. Most importantly, demons of the Dao Realm and above were best at planting, guarding, and operating spirit gathering formations.

Nowadays, many fields in the world were no longer ordinary fields, but spirit fields with spirit gathering arrays. Spirit gathering arrays were not something that an ordinary person could manage. One had to be proficient in the art of spirit gathering at all times. Feng Shui, array formations, layout and operation were all hard work and meticulous work.

"The higher the level, the better. What demons do you have?" Gu Tanjian looked rich and overbearing.

"I have demons of the Spiritual Power Realm. Do you want them?"

The woman said coldly. She didn't have any emotions at all, like she was born like a piece of ice that wouldn't melt.

"It seems like you have higher-level demons." Gu Tanjian wasn't surprised and asked instead. This caused the woman to be slightly startled.

To any expert, demons who cultivated spiritual power were at Dao Realm 20 Transformation Gathering and Dispersing. Demons at such a realm weren't afraid of the machines of the Celestial Craft Institute and could cause all sorts of disasters. Even aristocratic families would find it hard to control them. Gu Tanjian actually didn't care at all. Naturally, the woman was tempted.

"How strong do you want?" The woman asked coldly once more.

"How strong are they?"

Gu Tanjian smiled. "With your strength, you can definitely conquer them. I won't beat around the bush, I can work with you on a deeper level." "Who are you?" Killing intent appeared from the woman's body.

"Don't be impatient. This place is being closely monitored by the Calming Immortal Department. If you reveal even the slightest sign, the Calming Immortal Department will detect it, and you'll probably be in big trouble." Gu Shengjian waved his hand. "Do you think you can resist the Calming Immortal Department's capture?"

"It seems like you know something?" The woman frowned. "Since that is the case, then let's head deep into the Demon Region to talk. The depths of the Demon Region, their strength isn't there. " While speaking, the ice-cold woman turned around and stepped into the teleportation formation. Gu Tanjian looked at Gu Changjian and nodded his head before following. 。 A 19-year-old girl masturbating was exposed! Follow WeChat: meinvpai1 (Long press 3 seconds to copy) to watch online!