Chapter 454
===========

"This Wudang Xing is really tough." Gu Chensha could see it. "This kid is an absolute disaster. Any clan or even a country has radicals, but this kid is too radical. " He was watching from here, standing in front of these people, but they did not notice him at all.

With his current means, even Dou Nineteen could not notice him, let alone these 18, 19, and 20 transformations figures.

"Our Wu clan collaborates with the other sages and godly clans to force the Calmness Immortal Department to hand over the Dragon Raising Mantra and Dragon Making Mantra?

I'm afraid this is not appropriate. If all the major clans collaborate, the Calmness Immortal Department will have to admit defeat. However, those clans all have their own plans. Will they collaborate with us? "Wu Gongmang frowned.

"Once the Dragon Raising Mantra is revealed, I don't believe that all the major clans in the world will not know about this powerful relationship."

Wudang Xing said with fervor and assurance, "By then, the Calmness Immortal Department will cultivate a large number of geniuses. If this cultivation method is circulated, everyone will be a genius. How will we survive then?

At that time, even the lowly servants, foolish farmers, and those lowly merchants will all ride on our heads. Elders, leave this matter to me. I am willing to travel to all the great families and use my silver tongue to convince them to work together to deal with the Celestial Calmness Department! "

"This matter cannot be allowed to happen. If those lowly people can also become geniuses, then the prestige of our sage clans will be tarnished. In the future, we will be on par with ordinary people. If that happens, we will let down our sage ancestors and future generations."

Wu Gongmang's eyes turned sharp. "That's fine. You can go everywhere. Your aptitude is not below that of Wu Dangkong, and the clan has high hopes for you.

However, you have to be careful. The Calmness Immortal Department is an organization of the imperial court. If you go everywhere to deal with them, it will be equivalent to rebelling. Those people from the Calmness Immortal Department are not to be trifled with. Jing Qiu was so powerful, but he was still beaten up badly. Especially that Zhuge Ya, he can calculate everything in the world.

If you're caught, we would be in trouble. After all, we don't have the power to suppress Tranquil Immortal Department anymore; especially when Tranquil Immortal Department has already gotten the support of Taixuan Capital and the entire Taiyi Fantasy Sect. Additionally, the Universe Mysterious Sect has also reached an agreement with them. "

"It doesn't matter. Taiyi Fantasy Sect and Universe Mysterious Sect are just making investments; they're not really reaching a strategic agreement with Tranquil Immortal Department. Actually, as long as Wu Clan and Legalism Sect unite and use our trump cards, for instance, the unrivaled treasure of Wu Clan and the unified Dharma Cutting Ring of Legalism, we would be able to break the Sphere of People's Will of Tranquil Immortal Department.

Although the Life's Wish sphere was powerful, it was still too young. How many years had it been accumulating? With our thousands of years of accumulation, defeating him will be a piece of cake. "

Greed suddenly appeared in Wudang Xing's eyes. "Right now, the person in charge of recruiting apprentices in the Wu Province's Chamber of Commerce is a puppet called the General of Common People. If we can capture him …" "We must not advance rashly!"

Wu Gongmang was shocked. "That General of Common People is no longer a puppet in the ordinary sense. I know how he was made. Even if one of them is enraged, they can easily kill us all. That General of Common People's cultivation base is at the Dao Realm 22 Transformation of Heaven and Earth. Furthermore, it is at the level of a True Dragon Technique!

You should know how powerful it is. Even if we had ten times the number of us, we wouldn't be able to do anything to one of them. We would still be killed. " "Because of this, if we get this puppet …" Wudang Xing still could not hide his greed. These days, the name of the General of Common People's had spread across the world.

Originally, when the Tranquil Immortal Department openly recruited apprentices, the major forces did not dare to say anything on the surface. This was because the Tranquil Immortal Department definitely represented the imperial court. However, they would still secretly cause trouble.

However, those great powers did not expect that the ones in charge of each prefecture would actually be ten common people's marshals. Every single one of them was of the True Dragon Technique grade. They were at the realm of twenty-two transformations of heaven and earth. Their magic power was vigorous and their auras were astonishing.

Not to mention ten, even one was enough to suppress all sorts of situations. When ten of them worked together, even the aristocratic families would not dare to provoke them.

Right now, there were very few cultivators who had cultivated the True Dragon Technique. Apart from a few old antiques who had hidden for a long time, among the younger generation, there were only Fa Wuxian and Wu Dangkong. The True Dragon Technique absolutely suppressed the Vajra Technique without any suspense.

In order to suppress a General of Common People's Wish, it would probably require the old antiques of the aristocratic families to take action. Suppressing ten required at least an expert with an undying body.

Now, the various aristocratic families already knew that the Tranquil Immortal Department had sent out 360 General of Common People's Wish. In order to suppress so many puppets, only those who had cultivated the 27 Transformation of Seamless Two Realms and could use the power of space would be able to subdue them.

After gradually understanding the strength of the General of Common People's Wish, many of the old antiques of the aristocratic families were both fearful and greedy. If any aristocratic family could obtain these 360 General of Common People's Wish, their strength would rise unimaginably.

"We can also plan for this. The General of Common People's Wish is indeed a good thing." The few elders were actually extremely greedy in the depths of their hearts.

"Then I'll go out and try to persuade them."

A vicious expression appeared on Wudang Xing's face. "Those people from the Tranquil Immortal Department have really been too arrogant lately. Even the Apefolk suffered at their hands. But that's exactly why I want to use someone else to do my dirty work and destroy the Tranquil Immortal Department. So what if you're the Lord of Seven Stars? I want to see if you're more intelligent, or if I'm more scheming. "

Wudang Xing walked out of his private chamber, then used an invisibility talisman and shot up into the air.

His cultivation base was at the eighteen Dao Realm Transformation of the Golden Core of the Great Dao. His fleshly body couldn't shrink or grow larger. All he could do was transform his Nascent Divinity and Xiantian empyrean qi into a Gold Core. As he flew, he activated the power of his Gold Core. If he didn't conceal it, he would be able to see a beam of golden light that sliced through the sky.

However, even if he did conceal it, it would still attract the attention of experts. It couldn't compare to the nineteen Transformation of Size Manipulation, which allowed his fleshly body to become as small as a speck of dust. Then he would be completely silent. WHOOSH!

Wudang Xing flew out of Wuzhou and entered a cloud mist. He suddenly felt that something was off. He realized that no matter how he flew, he couldn't fly out of the cloud mist. It was as if he was trapped by some formation.

"Who? How bold to actually dare to trap me. "Wudang Xing appeared and sent out mental energy fluctuations.

"You are really bold to actually dare to pretend to be me."

Just at that moment, another Wudang Xing appeared in the mist. This Wudang Xing was exactly the same as him. Even his aura was the same. It was like he was a clone. The new Wudang Xing scolded the original Wudang Xing.

"Monster, you actually dare to change into my appearance to play with me!" Wudang Xing was furious, but he calmed down. "You changed into my appearance? Which expert are you? You cultivated spiritual power and are making things difficult for me? " "Wudang Xing, I am the King."

Gu Chensha appeared, "You are just a Golden Core cultivator and you actually want to form alliances to deal with the Calm Celestial Division? You are really bold, even more arrogant than Wu Dangkong. " "What are you trying to do?"

Wudang Xing took a step back. "Could it be that you want to fight me? You better think this through. You want to completely fall out with our Wu Clan.

Our Wu Clan is not a second-rate clan like the Jing Clan, who doesn't know the immensity of heaven and earth. " "The Wu Clan should be about the same as the Ape Clan."

Gu Chensha smiled. "At most, the Wu Clan has a Sect Guarding Treasure, as well as the power of the clan's sacrifice that has been accumulated for thousands of years. We can use these to exchange for a Dao Integration Martial Sage to appear in this world for a few hours. This is our final trump card. " "It's good that you know."

Wudang Xing said coldly, "Since you heard my plan, I won't say anything more. Obediently hand over the Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique and Dragon Creation Cultivation Technique."

"Sigh, the Wu Clan is really arrogant. They have produced a Wu Dangkong, and now they have produced a weak radical like you. No wonder the Martial Emperor rebelled against the Wu Clan and established his own sect."

Gu Chensha couldn't help but laugh. "I'll tell you the truth. I obtained the Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique and Dragon Creation Cultivation Technique after capturing Dou Nineteen, the son of Heavenly Venerate Victor, and extracting his memories. I'm not even afraid of the three Heavenly Venerates, so why would I care about your puny Wu Clan?

What a joke. However, I won't kill you. Instead, I'll imprison you. Once I transform into your appearance, I'll do many things. " As Gu Chensha spoke, he once again transformed into Wudang Xing's appearance.

"Transform into my appearance?

You've probably only just started cultivating magic power, so you know a bit of transformation techniques. You haven't even reached the Lawful Manifestation of Heaven and Earth, and you want to rely on this to deceive an expert? Hahaha, what a joke, "Wudang Xing said.

"The ignorant are fearless." Gu Chensha shook his head. "My puppet has already cultivated the True Dragon Cultivation Technique. What cultivation level am I at? However, I'll tell you. You don't understand. Your cultivation level isn't enough to understand my cultivation level. I can't be bothered to explain it to you. I'll extract your memories! "

All of a sudden, Gu Chensha's magic power broke through Wudang Xing's sea of consciousness and extracted all of his memories.

Wudang Xing didn't seem to feel anything, but he already knew that he had been tricked by Gu Chensha.

"Gu Chensha, you're making an enemy of a Saint! You're going against the law!" he roared.

Gu Chensha flicked his sleeves, and instantly, the void split open, sending Wudang Xing into the sphere of the People's Wish. He then transformed into Wudang Xing's appearance and went straight to the capital outside the borders. He didn't go to the School of Legalism, but to find Wu Dangkong.

He first had to disguise himself as Wudang Xing and contact Wu Dangkong. Then, they would visit the various great clans together. This way, he would have more weight.

This was because he realized that after cultivating the Heavenly Dao Technique, the greatest benefit wasn't in battle, but in using the characteristics of the Heavenly Dao Technique to execute all kinds of schemes.