Chapter 362
===========

Jing Qiu's body was still so elegant. In comparison, he was much more elegant than Jing Fanxing. Comparing the two of them, one was a scholar while the other was a hooligan who liked to fight on the streets.

In fact, Jing Fanxing was originally an extremely powerful person. He was born to be an unparalleled genius, but because he had an engagement with Wu Dang Kong, and Wu Dang Kong married into the royal palace, his mentality changed, which led to his current appearance. He had yet to walk out of the shadow. This was a predestined fate.

The marriage between Wu Dangkong and Jing Fanxing was something that Jing Qiu discussed with the Wu Family Head.

Jing Fanxing entered the Heaven and Earth Sect and became an important core disciple was also the result of Jing Qiu's actions.

Jing Qiu was a special person. He had no background and didn't have any fortuitous encounters or masters. He also didn't enter the Celestial Path Sect to learn.

Initially, although the Jing Clan wasn't bad, it couldn't be compared to those supreme sage clans. A hundred years ago, under his leadership, they slowly unified the Jing Prefecture and established the Jing Country. At the most crucial moment, they submitted to the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor, saving them from destruction. Now, the Jing Family slowly had the foundations of a Saint World. Only Wu Dangkong understood how difficult this series of developments was.

Jing Qiu's methods actually made her worry. Even with her strength, she had no choice but to let the Jing Family have the biggest share in her merchant association.

Even now, even if she obtained the Heaven Ritual Decree, she had no confidence in facing Jing Qiu at all.

Her cultivation was really strong but compared to the Undying Body of Dao Realm 25 Transformation, there was still a huge gap.

Moreover, she heard the Wu Family Old Ancestor say that Jing Qiu had a chance of comprehending the secrets of Divergent Numbers. Divergent Numbers referred to Heaven, Divination, and Fate. Divergent Numbers referred to breaking away from Heaven and Fate. This realm was truly unbelievable.

"Niece Dang Kong, you've really grown up. You're destined to be." As soon as Jing Qiu appeared, he said directly, "Do you hate the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the Tranquil Immortal Department to the bone?" "Yes."

A look of hatred appeared on Wu Dangkong's face, "The Tranquil Immortal Bureau must be destroyed, and so must the Yongchō."

"Very good. Now let me ask you, if the Jing Family immediately revolts, how will you respond?" Jing Qiu was waiting for Wu Dangkong's response.

"Uncle Jing Qiu, are you sure you're not joking? Rebel immediately? "

Wu Dangkong's expression changed. "Gu Taxian is still here. Not long ago, a talisman was sent from the void, naming the Second Emperor as the Crown Prince. Uncle, you must not act rashly."

"I don't care about that. I just want to ask you, if the Jing Clan makes a move, what will you do?" Jing Qiu looked at Wu Dangkong and locked his gaze on him.

"I can only bide my time and let Jing Xian Bureau and Uncle fight to the death." Wu Dangkong spoke the truth. She knew that she couldn't hide it from Jing Qiu.

"That is part of my plan." Jing Qiu nodded his head. "But I want to borrow a treasure from you, how about that?"

"I don't have any treasures to lend to Uncle. With your abilities, you have cultivated to the Undying Body of Dao Realm 25 Transformation. You don't need any treasures at all." Wu Dangkong forced a smile.

"Do you think that Uncle doesn't know?"

Jing Qiu took a look. "Niece's cultivation has far surpassed Fanxing's. Fanxing relied on the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth to forcefully damage his lifespan and advanced to the Dao Realm's 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth. Niece has gone through the Heavenly Dao Divine Light Ritual, the Grotto-Heaven Ritual, and the Dharmaraja Ritual, raising her potential to the extreme. She has the King of Mana in her body, and her sea of consciousness and energy has turned into a Grotto-Heaven. Even Uncle can't compare to you. Only Gods and Saints can open their Grotto-Heaven in the turbulence of time and space. It's impossible to open it in the human body. The human body can't withstand the power of time and space. Even I can't. If a God forcefully imbues the power of time and space into my body, I will die. Even the three Celestial Venerables can't do that. What do you think? "

"Uncle, what do you want? Just tell me the truth. There are some things that don't need to be said out loud." Wu Dangkong calmed down.

"If not for the help of your talisman, I would have had some difficulty suppressing the Common People's Wish sphere and killing so many people from the Celestial Calmness Department. There would have been fish that slipped through the net." Jing Qiu smiled. "What I want to do is what my niece wants." "Uncle is so confident in wiping out Calming Celestial Department?

That is impossible. Even the Heaven and Earth Sect Leader, Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, and Li Wanlong couldn't do anything.

Is Uncle stronger than those Saints? "Wu Dangkong didn't believe that Jing Qiu could wipe out Calming Celestial Department at all.

"That's because of the power of the Death-Exemption Talisman. But now, the talisman's power is gone. Besides, even without it, those three Saint-level experts wouldn't dare to wipe out Calming Celestial Department. They're just testing us. They wouldn't dare to kill us." Jing Qiu's words hit the nail on the head. "However, you can't understand my realm."

"Let's not talk about the Calming Celestial Department. Uncle, do you have a way to deal with the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya?" asked Wu Dangkong.

"Of course."

Jing Qiu didn't seem to care in the slightest. "At best, the Lord of Seven Stars is just a slightly more powerful Saint. In ancient times, she was schemed against by the three Celestial Venerables, and died. The Lord of Seven Stars isn't strong enough yet. I can destroy her." "Mr. Jing Qiu, you sure talk big …."

At this moment, a voice rang out from within the sea of clouds. "I've never seen someone as arrogant as you." A stream of magical power coalesced into a physical form.

The person who had appeared out of the sea of clouds wore a crane's cloak, and held a feather fan in his hand. He was young, and his feet hovered in the air. He looked like a peerless strategist from ancient times, someone who could plan for the world. This was the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya.

As soon as he appeared, he smiled and looked at Wu Dangkong. "Her Highness, Concubine Ming, worked with me not long ago to foil the Yellow Dragon Emperor's plan. Why are you coming to deal with me today?"

"Mr. Zhuge, Uncle Jing Qiu, this is a matter between the two of you. I won't interfere." Wu Dangkong suddenly hid herself.

She was very smart. She didn't want to get involved in this fight. Of course, she wanted to sit back and reap the benefits.

"Oh, so you're the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya."

Jing Qiu's eyes locked onto Zhuge Ya. He didn't care about Wu Dangkong's disappearance. "You do have some color, but that's all. Since you've come to find me, it saves me the trouble of looking for you."

"The Jing family wants to be the vanguard of the revolution, and you want to use this chance to borrow some mysterious fate to seize the key point and become an Outlier?"

Zhuge Ya sighed. "You're too naive. If it were so easy to become an Outlier, who knows how many people have broken through to this level? The three Celestial Sovereigns did it because they were ancient enough. Chang Weiyang of the Profound Cosmos Gate relied on her father, Chang Yuzhou, to become one with the Dao and perish in exchange for a bit of life. Plus, she really did understand the workings of the universe, and had countless fortuitous encounters. She stole a tiny leaf from the Primordial Tree, which gave her the resources to become an Outlier. But she's still stuck at the Dao Realm of Thirty Permutations, and she's only at the Sage level.

She still has a lot of tribulations ahead. She only has a ten percent chance of jumping out of the three realms and out of the five elements.

In other words, even if you gain enlightenment and become an Outlier, your strength won't increase by leaps and bounds. Heaven and earth won't tolerate you, and you'll encounter all sorts of tribulations. " "Mister Zhuge, you're talking a bit too much."

Jing Qiu maintained his scholarly demeanor and didn't attack. "In the world, it's not about success or failure, it's about whether or not you dare. You were the Lord of Seven Stars, and your mission was to assist the Son of Heaven. Unfortunately, you betrayed your mission and turned to the powerful Gu Taxian. As a result, you lost your right to be the Lord of Seven Stars. You've fallen into the ranks of the Uncanny Workmen." "The ignorant are fearless."

Zhuge Ya looked at Jing Qiu with pity in his eyes. "Jing Qiu, I admit I didn't expect your ambitions to be so great. You're vicious and merciless. You're willing to throw the world into chaos and plunge the people into misery and suffering just to give you an opportunity.

You're doing things that even the three Celestial Sovereigns and the Sages don't dare to do. You're amazing. Either you're crazy, or you're truly ambitious. But given your ambitions and your strength, you don't want to be an Outlier. " "Strength?"

Jing Qiu clasped his hands behind his back. "You'll have to try to find out. I know that the Lord of Seven Stars' plans are flawless, but did you realize that you can no longer communicate with the Life's Wish sphere? Without its help, your strength is the same as your true body's.

Of course, I know you left some magic power in the sphere. Even if I kill your true body, you can be reborn.

But that sphere belongs to the Jing Clan. No matter where you hide, you won't be able to escape the fate of becoming a puppet of the Jing Clan. "

Zhuge Ya looked up at the sky. At some point, an invisible power had sealed off the area. He really couldn't sense the Life's Wish sphere.

"A Connate spiritual treasure?"

Zhuge Ya looked at Jing Qiu. "I can't believe you have a Connate spiritual treasure on you. Only a Connate spiritual treasure born from the Primordial Tree can block the Life's Wish sphere's connection.

You really do have something you can rely on. That's why you're so arrogant. But even a Connate spiritual treasure can have a world of difference in power. This treasure of yours is far inferior to the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, and it's not even as strong as the Life's Wish sphere. It's just a bit special. " "That's the first step."

Jing Qiu looked up at the sky. "Mister Zhuge, in order to refine the Life's Wish sphere, you did something extremely stupid. You offended someone you shouldn't have offended. Coincidentally, I found that person and obtained this Connate spiritual treasure. Mister Zhuge, don't you want to know who that person is?" "Tell me about it." Zhuge Ya arched his eyebrows.

At this moment, a ball of yellow light appeared behind Jing Qiu. It kept changing, and a winged dragon snake appeared. The dragon snake wore an emperor's crown on its head, and it disappeared in a flash.