Chapter 435
===========

Gu Chensha was very patient. Another half a month passed.

He had been following Dou Nineteen for more than a month. During this long period of time, he had gradually familiarized himself with Dou Nineteen's methods.

However, he didn't plan to make a move immediately because he hadn't completely understood this person's trump cards yet.

Dou Nineteen was an expert at the Twenty-Fifth Transformation of the Dao Realm, the "Undying Body". His magic power could predict all kinds of dangers, see the past, and peek into the future. He could completely sense Gu Chensha's spying on him from the side.

But Zhuge Ya had already predicted this. Through the sphere of the Common People's Wish, the Heavenly Monster Tree, and the Taiyi Pearl, he had obscured the heavenly secrets of Gu Chensha and the Celestial Pacification Department, making it impossible for experts to divine their whereabouts.

This way, even Dou Nineteen had no idea what was going on in the Celestial Pacification Department. Let alone Dou Nineteen, even the Yin Yang Ghost Ape, who was adept at divination, had no idea what was going on in the Celestial Pacification Department.

Of course, the reason why Zhuge Ya was so strong wasn't entirely because of the sphere of the Common People's Wish and the Heavenly Monster Tree. Most importantly, it was because of the medallion on Lou Baiyue's body.

That medallion had been bestowed by the Celestial Talisman Emperor. On it were the words "Like a Sovereign Himself". This medallion could also subvert the heavens and suppress destiny.

But whether it was Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, or Zhuge Ya, none of them had been able to comprehend the mysteries of this medallion.

However, as everyone's cultivation grew more profound, they gradually realized that if this golden plate was truly used, it would most likely possess world-shaking might.

After thinking about it, the Celestial Talisman Emperor had simply written the words "Man Conquers Heaven" and infused it into the Heavenly Sacrificial Edict, distorting it. This token of "As if He Himself Came" represented that he had personally come. How could that be?

Because of this, some of the actions of the Celestial Pacification Department couldn't be sensed by Deity level experts.

Otherwise, when a Deity level expert divined, everyone's situation would be clear in their minds. How could they do anything? Wasn't he being eaten alive?

Gu Chensha also vaguely understood these clues, so he boldly followed Dou Nineteen without fear of being discovered by him.

During this one month, Dou Nineteen was still commanding these "Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers" to carry out guerilla warfare and relocate altars. Who knew how many devil beasts he had killed?

Gu Chensha's eyes were filled with envy. "These fiendmonsters are all transformed into blood talismans. If I can obtain them and sacrifice them to the Common People's Wish sphere, the Heavenly Demon Tree will grow a lot more. But now is not the time. If I attack, I definitely won't be able to defeat Dou Nineteen." Rumble!

Dou Nineteen once again killed all the fiendmonsters in a radius of thirty to forty thousand kilometers. Then, he activated the sacrificial altar and flew somewhere else. They arrived at a place that Gu Chensha had never ventured into before.

The scenery in the Infernal Domain had also become even more ancient. One could even see many ancient ruins from the Great War of Gods and Demons in many places.

And the demons that lived in these places also gradually became stronger. Their numbers increased, and many experts appeared in the various demon tribes.

But this was not a problem for Dou Nineteen. After all, even in the Infernal Domain where experts were endless, there were very few demons that could cultivate Golden Cores and Dharmic powers. They were existences that could be called sovereigns, but they posed no threat to him at all. Even demons of the same cultivation level as him were like chopping vegetables in front of him. Of course, after killing for so long, there had yet to be a Demon Emperor at the 23 Transformations. Gu Chensha was still waiting patiently.

"If this continues, it will definitely attract the experts of the Infernal Domain. If I seize this opportunity, I will be able to see Dou Nineteen's true trump card. " "I'm still lacking a powerful soul."

Dou Nineteen sat on the altar and watched as the Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers returned to hand over the blood talismans. The talismans circled around the altar at first, but there were more and more of them. At this time, Dou Nineteen took out a gourd and used a spell to absorb all of the blood talismans into the gourd.

He took out a total of two gourds. One was golden and was used to store the Emperor's Heavenly Soldier. The other was blood red and was used to store the talismans.

Slowly, Gu Chensha saw that the golden gourd was really amazing. As long as he controlled it, he would be able to control the Emperor's Heavenly Soldier.

"I have the Undying Body now. Through this sacrifice, I should be able to communicate with my father and reach the 26 Transformations of Dao Realm, All Techniques Back to One.

All Techniques Back to One was to condense all one's powers to the extreme and comprehend the true meaning of 'one', the secrets of the world. As long as one is removed, there will be 49.

As long as all techniques return to one and I obtain that 'one', my strength will be unimaginable. Only then will I be able to rip open space. "Dou Nineteen thought about it. When Gu Chensha saw his actions, he guessed what was going on.

The 26 Transformations of Dao Realm, All Techniques Back to One, was to comprehend the strongest power and find the lost 'one'. Only then would one have the right to reach the 27 Transformations of Seamless Two Worlds. The 27 Transformations of Seamless Two Worlds was to forcefully rip open space and teleport. Such a realm required the support of really strong powers.

Ripping open space was like forcefully ripping open a tunnel between two worlds. It was billions of times harder than ripping open the water pressure at the bottom of the ocean. Honglong!

During the continuous killing, Dou Nineteen seemed to have killed too many people and finally attracted the displeasure of the Demon Region experts.

Gu Chensha only felt the world trembling. A pitch-black demonic hand tore through space and descended. This demonic hand blotted out the sky and overturned the universe. With a slight press, everything within a radius of thousands of miles froze with the Battle Nineteen Altar as the center. Everything seemed to be frozen within.

"A Demon God-level expert has appeared. This is what I've been waiting for! Talisman! "

Dou Nineteen laughed loudly as a talisman flew out of his body. The talisman instantly destroyed the demonic hand, and then it swept forward to cut it in half, wrapping it up and sealing it. He wanted to take the demonic hand and use it as a sacrifice.

The demonic hand struggled violently, emitting boundless demonic energy that expanded. It was as if the main body was angry. This was a Demon God-level expert, and he had used the demonic hand to tear through space. But now, he had encountered a talisman. Someone had blasphemed the power of a Demon God, so naturally, the main body couldn't tolerate it.

"Come on, come on!" A cruel smile appeared on Dou Nineteen's face. "So what if you're a Demon God-level expert?

I'm the son of Celestial Victorious Celestial. How could a mere Demon God-level expert possibly kill me?

I've been waiting for this moment, Devil-Hand Clone of yours. Once I capture it and sacrifice it, I'll be able to acquire enough sacrificial power. " RUMBLE!

As if it could sense Dou Nineteen's mockery, the demonic hand howled, and another burst of power descended from beyond the heavens. Two demonic hands appeared, ready to rip apart the talisman and kill Dou Nineteen.

"Activate!"

At this time, Dou Nineteen's expression became a bit more serious. A Demon God was indeed not someone to be trifled with. Even though he had many things to rely on, he didn't dare to let his guard down. A wave of magic power rushed out of his body and entered the talisman. The talisman released countless sacred musical notes that wrapped around the two demon hands.

As the talisman wrapped around the two demonic hands, they shrank down and were about to be pulled into the blood-red talisman.

As for Dou Nineteen, he felt as if he were being crushed by an enormous mountain. Clearly, he had expended a great deal of energy to activate the talisman!

"Celestial Emperors, return!"

Dou Nineteen called out. Immediately, all 360 celestial emperors returned and flew into the gourd. Then, a stream of magical power surged out of the gourd and entered the talisman.

The talisman shone brightly, severing the connection between the demonic hands and space. Then, it wrapped around the talisman and entered the blood-red gourd.

"Damn it!" The Demon God was furious.

Suddenly, the space split open again, and a huge demonic eye appeared. The demonic eye was terrifying, and when it opened slightly, one could see numerous black vortexes flowing within it.

Then, an unknown, fragmented psychic wave emanated from the demonic eye and inscribed itself onto Dou Nineteen's body.

"Not good, this is the Curse of Downfall. The supreme curse of the demonic path!

Even a Demon God-level expert would have to pay with his life in exchange for it! "Dou Nineteen roared and tore open his clothes, revealing a jade pendant hanging around his neck.

The jade pendant flew out and turned into the character 'Tian'. It spun violently and emitted a suction force, trying to suck the curse out of his body.

"This is my chance!"

The moment Gu Chensha saw the Curse of Downfall, he knew that this was a golden opportunity for him. Even a Demon God-level expert would have to pay a huge price to use this curse. It was no joke, and this was equivalent to forcing Dou Nineteen to use his trump card.

Dou Nineteen really had a lot of trump cards. If Gu Chensha had fought him earlier, he would have lost without a doubt. He might not even have had a chance to survive.

Of course, Gu Chensha was no fool. He could tell that this kid was not simple. How could the son of the three Celestial Venerables be killed so easily?

Even now, Gu Chensha was not prepared to kill Dou Nineteen. He had not completely seen what other trump cards Dou Nineteen had yet to use. What he needed to do now was steal the blood-red gourd.

The blood-red gourd contained the blood talismans of the monsters he had killed over the past month. In addition, the talismans of the three Celestial Venerables had suppressed the two demonic hands. If they were fed to the sphere of the Common People's Wish and the Heavenly Demon Tree, they would definitely be nourished. Of course, he would not miss out on the talismans of the celestial emperors. Sizzle, sizzle, sizzle!

He turned into dust and channeled all his strength, charging into the sacrificial altar in an instant. Immediately, he came into contact with the blood-red gourd. But Dou Nineteen had yet to discover it.

"Sacrifice!"

In that instant, he activated the Sacrificial Sun and Moon technique and communicated with the sphere of the Common People's Wish, using the gourd as a sacrifice.