Chapter 56
==========

"30% flood dragon power, so strong." Gu Chensha calculated. Actually, the strength of nine bulls and two tigers at the second transformation of Dao Realm was the strength of one flood dragon. This meant that when a person reached the second transformation, they would become a flood dragon. Everyone could become a dragon and the Son of Heaven was a true dragon. To become a dragon, one had to become a flood dragon first. 20% flood dragon power was the same as two bulls.

"How am I worthy for Jushi Marquis to give me 300 sets of this armor?"

Gu Chensha thought about it. This gift was too heavy and he didn't dare to accept it. However, he didn't want to reject it, "Is it because of third brother?

The Third Prince's presence in Xian Province is a huge obstacle to Marquis Jushi's plans at the border. Now that I've appeared out of nowhere and killed the four great demons, and I'm also a prince, Marquis Jushi has decided to let me restrain the Third Prince? If that is the case, then it makes sense. " "Since that is the case, then I will take one to try."

Gu Chensha took out an armor. Shi Tietie stopped him, "19th Master, your armor isn't the Horned Flood Dragon Armor."

While speaking, he took out a bag from the back of his horse. After opening it, there was a set of blue armor. It was obviously better than the Horned Flood Dragon Armor.

"This is the Horned Dragon Armor." Gu Chensha said anxiously.

"Right, this armor is really rare and far exceeds the Horned Flood Dragon Armor. Only when you wear it will you know how amazing it is."

Shi Tietie said, "With this armor, it will be much less dangerous for you to lead troops on the battlefield."

"Although that is the case, my goal here is to pursue the martial path. If I wear this armor, it will be bad for my cultivation."

Gu Chensha frowned. A few days ago, Gu Chensha had single-handedly killed thousands of barbarian cavalrymen. Arrows, sabers, and spears had shot at him randomly. In the end, he had forced out his potential and comprehended the exquisite changes of force in the Sun and Moon Change. If he had been wearing armor at that time, he would not have made such progress. But how could he refuse this armor?

"Since that is the case, then wear your armor and prepare to fight." Shi Tietie suggested, "The barbarian race is really aggressive, so we might have to fight them."

"That's right, the border is blocked by the Great Stone Wall. How did the barbarian soldiers manage to enter and establish a stronghold here?" Gu Chensha had been wondering about this for a long time.

"Those barbarians didn't come from the Great Wall."

Shi Tie's tone was solemn. "This is related to the Evil God. It seems that he has used the power of a sacrifice to open the door to the crack in the void. Every day, many experts of the Barbarian Race can reach the temple from the Barbarian Race's base camp." "There's actually such a thing?"

Gu Chensha knew that it would not be easy for the barbarians to invade. First, they would have to travel tens of thousands of miles to reach the Great Wall. In order to cross the Great Wall, they would have to break through the many forts at the border.

Only then could he reach the flourishing Xian Province. But now, he could directly come from the hinterland of the Wilderness. It would save him a lot of time and effort.

The key was that as long as they entered a bustling area with a large population and enough people to offer sacrifices, the strength of the Evil God and the barbarian soldiers could be strengthened. This was equivalent to rolling a snowball.

If they attacked from the border, there would be no people to offer sacrifices. Attacking the Great Wall would result in countless casualties. It was impossible to break it.

Even for the Evil God, it was extremely difficult to open the crack in the void. It would consume a lot of power. But if the barbarians could gain a foothold, they could kill the people as sacrifices every day. Not only could they replenish the consumed power, but they could also gain a lot of surplus.

"Also, there is a Divine Envoy of the Barbarian Tribe in Peach County with an extremely high cultivation base. Even if he came alone, he would still kill us all." Gu Chensha knew that Marquis Dashi was exceptionally well-informed, so he had to clarify everything first.

"The barbarian oracles must guard the temple to prevent the crack from collapsing, so they won't come out to plunder. Also, the more powerful the character, the more dangerous it is to pass through the crack in the void."

Shi Tie revealed all the information. "The nineteenth master has actually made a great contribution these days. He has saved tens of thousands of people. If these people are captured and offered as sacrifices, the barbarians can at least send over a hundred thousand soldiers and horses, or even more experts.

Right now, we are guarding the main roads and preventing the barbarians from spreading and capturing more people. This will consume more of the Evil God's power.

These days, Marquis, Third Prince, and even Princess Yuefu have been biding their time. In fact, they are waiting for the barbarian army to increase in numbers. Then, they will be able to catch turtles in a jar.

Of course, the nineteenth master has killed the four old demons, weakened the barbarian army, and greatly shaken their morale. This cooperation is even more seamless. " "What does Marquis Jushi suggest?"

Gu Chensha grasped the main point and asked. He knew that Marquis Jushi would definitely have something for him to do since he had given him the armor.

"Marquis hopes that the nineteenth master can subdue the remaining experts of the Xian dynasty and find out where Wen Hong is hiding. Marquis already knows that this person is hiding and has reached a crucial stage in cultivating the Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art. If he succeeds, he will become one of the most terrifying enemies of Great Yong. Now is the best time to eliminate him. "

Shi Tietie finally revealed Marquis Jushi's intention. "Right now, there are remnants of the Xian dynasty's royal family. The crown prince, Chen Tianhuang, is leading the rebellion. He is extremely powerful, and he has also colluded with many experts from the hidden immortal dao sects in the Eastern Wilderness. He is extremely powerful. In addition, the people of Xian Province are nostalgic and have a deep-rooted faith in The Great Spirit God. If Chen Tianhuang makes a comeback, with the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong behind him, there will immediately be chaos." "The Eastern Wilderness? Are there really immortals? "Gu Chensha was somewhat surprised.

The Eastern Wilderness was outside the Great Yongchō's territory. Hundreds of thousands of miles away, in the extremely far east, there was no one living there. All that was left were endless mountains that soared into the sky. Ferocious beasts reappeared there, and the land was vast and boundless.

However, since ancient times, there were legends that there were immortals hidden in the Eastern Wilderness. Historical records recorded that many people went to the Eastern Wilderness in search of immortal fate. Ninety-nine percent of them were eaten by ferocious beasts. According to the legends, there were only a few who really obtained immortal fate, but no one knew whether it was true or not.

Although the Wilderness was also overrun with ferocious beasts, it was still inhabited by barbarians, and there were even evil gods secretly presiding over it. In contrast, the Eastern Wilderness was nothing but illusory legends.

However, according to the royal family's records, the Great Yongchō had destroyed many countries and sects among the common people. Some sects were rumored to be the orthodoxy passed down by the immortals of the Eastern Wilderness.

"There have been legends of immortals in the Eastern Wilderness since ancient times, and they are definitely not false. However, the distance is too great, and they are deeply hidden. The imperial court has no time to care about them. However, since they have begun to interfere in the secular world, that is the beginning of their downfall."

Shi Tietie sneered. "Especially when I received news that Chen Tianhuang wants to destroy the Great Stone Wall and let the barbarians march in." "Destroy the Great Stone Wall, how audacious."

Gu Chensha was also slightly angered. After the Great Stone Wall was built, it was able to defend against the barbarian cavalry, allowing the common people to rest and recuperate. Even if the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had committed many crimes in the past, this merit was more than enough to offset them. Not to mention the construction of the North-South Canal and the elimination of floods and droughts. "In that case, I naturally have to find people like Chen Tianhuang."

"As long as you get the Myriad Star Flying Celestial Talisman from Chen Tianhuang and give it to Lord Marquis, Lord Marquis can cast a spell to find traces of that Wen Hong and report it to His Majesty. His Majesty will then subdue Wen Hong, and at that time, Lord Nineteen will definitely have made a great contribution. Even if you don't do anything, the Life-and-Death Nine Revolutions Immortal Pill will definitely be bestowed to you."

Shi Tietie revealed Marquis Jushi's intention. "Lord Marquis will also do his best to show off Lord Nineteen's merits."

"I don't care about the merits, and I don't care about the rewards. Using immortal pills to obtain power is not the right way. It is better to work hard to break through to the next level.

I came here to save the people and train my martial path at the same time. "Gu Chensha already knew Marquis Jushi's intention to rope him in.

"Everything in the world nourishes people. The Dao Realm absorbs Spirit Qi to absorb nutrients from heaven and earth. It is the same for using immortal pills. Humans rely on heaven and earth to increase their realm, and immortal pills are also a part of heaven and earth. You must not create obstacles or obsessions."

Shi Tietie hurriedly said, "This is Lord Marquis's advice to Lord Nineteen. He told me that if Lord Nineteen doesn't use the armor, you will definitely enter the obsession barrier of martial learning. You will abandon external things too much and believe in yourself." "I've learned a lot." Gu Chensha was enlightened. "Thank you, Marquis Jushi, for your advice."

He dripped his blood on the talisman inside the Hornless Dragon Armor, and the armor instantly came to life. In less than a breath's time, it wrapped him tightly from head to toe without a single gap. He was not afraid of being burned by smoke, drowned by water, and not afraid of knives and spears. Even poison was isolated. Most importantly, his breathing was very smooth. He didn't know how it was forged.

When he exerted some strength, he realized that the strength of the armor itself was actually not lower than his own. When he punched, the armor also sensed his movement, and great strength was produced on it, coordinating with his punch.

"This armor is really amazing."

Gu Chensha tried it out. "However, you must first familiarize yourself with how to control it. The strength of the armor itself is not in harmony with the strength of the person. If you don't train it, it will be harmful when you use martial arts." "Yes, this is also the disadvantage of the armor."

Shi Tietie was also in agreement. "Martial arts doesn't mean that the stronger the better. Strength that cannot be controlled and external forces will cause your moves to be incomplete. From then on, the flaws will be grasped and broken.

For example, after these soldiers put on the Hornless Dragon Armor, they need to continuously train, cooperate, and familiarize themselves with the power of the armor itself. However, as time passed, they will get used to it. Once they take off the armor, they will not be able to adapt, and it will be harmful to their own martial arts cultivation.

Of course, if they can comprehend the realm of not being restricted by things and being able to move freely, it will be fine. They can have things, or not.

Clearly, Lord Nineteen has already comprehended this realm, but how many of the soldiers can comprehend it? "

"That's true, but it's simple for now. We can mass-produce this armor and fully equip them. Even if ordinary people are on board, the infantry will be able to completely defeat the barbarian cavalry."

Gu Chensha familiarized himself with the power of the Hornless Dragon Armor itself, and suddenly thought of a question. "Since this armor has its own power, does that mean that in the future, we don't need people to control it, and can directly create killing machines?"