Chapter 131
===========

Wang Zhi and Lan Qi were experts from the Gu Poison Sect. Not only could they save people, but they could also use Gu Sorcery to make people obey their orders wholeheartedly. Otherwise, they would suffer a fate worse than death. This was also why the Gu Poison Sect was so terrifying.

The people in the fief were well-fed and lived a happy life. The warriors trained hard, the merchants bought and sold goods, and the commoners farmed. This atmosphere made Gu Chensha feel very comfortable and satisfied. He took a deep breath. He felt that if he wanted to protect this peace, he needed more power.

He took out a fragment of the Heavenly Demon Relic sealed in a spirit crystal. He squeezed it with his hand, and the spirit crystal cracked. The Heavenly Demon Relic fragment fell out.

He put the broken spirit crystal into the gourd and picked up the white fragment the size of a grain of rice.

Each fragment contained a spirit crystal the size of a palm. If it was melted into spiritual liquid, the amount would be very large.

A spirit crystal the size of a soybean could be turned into a vat of spiritual liquid after it was melted. A spirit crystal the size of a palm could probably be described as priceless. However, it was nothing to the Heavenly Demon Relic that was wrapped in it. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha entered the Sun Moon Altar. He wanted to attract the Sun and Moon Dragon Fire to see if he could really refine the Heavenly Demon Relic fragment.

"I offer my blood as a sacrifice to the heavens. Sun and Moon Dragon Fire, descend!"

Gu Chensha forced out his blood and sprinkled it on the altar. Suddenly, a raging flame appeared on the altar. It took the shape of a dragon and swam around.

"Refine," he shouted. The Sun and Moon Dragon Fire wrapped around the Heavenly Demon Relic. Crackle!

The Heavenly Demon Relic fragment actually melted. It turned into a stream of air that was neither black nor white. It gathered and changed into all kinds of shapes. Within the stream of air, there were all kinds of life in the world. He could see peddlers and pawns, officials and nobles, immortal scholars, pigs, dogs, cows, sheep, mountains, seas, rivers …

"Absorbing it can increase my power of divinity? How do I absorb it? "

Gu Chensha opened his mouth and sucked in the stream of air, but it was useless. He spat it out again, but he could not absorb it no matter what. He tried again and again, but he was unable to absorb it into his soul.

He started to recall the large amount of books he had read. Suddenly, a sentence appeared in his mind. "The Ten Transformations of the Dao Realm allows one to do a thousand things at the same time. This is the rough use of the power of god. The Eleven Transformations, the Soul Tentacles allow one to sense outside the body.

The Twelfth Transformation, Soul Snatching, allowed one to use one's mind to control the souls of living beings and interfere with the world.

The Thirteen Transformations, Devouring Devils and Eating Ghosts, means that one's spirit is like the Pure Yang Fire, which can transform into devils. Only then can one truly display the might of the world … "

"So, I have to cultivate to Dao Realm 13 Transformations, Demon Swallowing and Ghost Eating. Only then can I merge the energy from the Sky Demon Shard into my soul to strengthen my mind. If not, it would be useless." Gu Chensha knew that his cultivation was far from enough.

Devils and ghosts did not have a tangible body, but a mass of spirit. Moreover, they carried evil qi and impurities. If they invaded a person's soul, it would cause them to go crazy. Even cultivators were very afraid of devils and ghost qi.

When one reached Dao Realm 13 Transformations, one could forcefully swallow Demon Swallowing and Ghost Eating to strengthen one's own cultivation.

Gu Chensha hadn't even reached Dao Realm 3 Transformations, so it was like an ant trying to shake a tree to merge with it.

"Great Dragon Armor!"

Suddenly, he had an idea. The Great Dragon Armor wrapped up the energy and used fresh blood to write runes on it. He then used fresh blood to summon the Sun Moon Dragon Fire once more. Weng … This time, there was a miraculous effect.

The energy from the Sky Demon Relic Shard actually merged into the Great Dragon Armor just like that.

The Great Dragon Armor shuddered, as if it had a soul of its own. It let out a roar, and in the blink of an eye, it transformed into a fifteen meter long dragon that flew around the Sun Moon Altar, exuding the majesty of a king.

There was a crown on the dragon's head. It wasn't a Great Dragon Grade treasure but a King Dragon Grade armor.

What was even more amazing was that when the dragon breathed, large amounts of spiritual energy would descend and seep into its body! Just like the five god swords, it could absorb spiritual energy and cultivate on its own.

"Hahaha …" Gu Chensha laughed out loud, "The Great Dragon Armor hasn't been able to level up to the King Dragon Armor because it lacks my soul. My cultivation is too low, so no matter how much Sun Moon Dragon Blood I use, I can't level it up. Now that the armor has merged with the purest spiritual energy from the Sky Demon Relic Shard, it has transformed. With this armor, even Yiming won't be able to kill me." He took out a crystal and crushed it to obtain the Sky Demon Relic Shard. He had stolen a total of nine shards from the Chaotic Demon Ape Temple.

He sacrificed fresh blood to summon the Sun Moon Dragon Fire to refine the relic. However, he obtained another ball of energy. He wanted to merge it into the King Dragon Armor to strengthen it, but it couldn't. It was very likely that the shard wasn't from the same relic. Thus, with a backhand slap, he slapped the Demon Subduing Blade.

Just like the King Dragon Armor, the Demon Descending Blade underwent a qualitative change. It had spirituality and flew up on its own, breathing in and out spiritual energy. Its body shone brightly, and with a slight tremble, the sword gleamed and its sharpness increased several times.

"Good sword. I wonder if this sword can cut through the Glass Jade Body?"

Gu Chensha put on the armor and picked up the blade. He calculated its power. "I'll find Yiming to test it out. If he can't do anything to me, then my armor and sword will be the real treasures. The Sky Demon Relic is indeed extraordinary. "

The Sky Demon was an extremely evil existence from the outer realm. It came and went without a trace, and was as scary as the God of Evil.

After the Sky Demon died, its spiritual energy gathered and turned into a relic. Only the Son of Heaven could use the Sun Moon Dragon Blood as a sacrifice to obtain the Sun Moon Dragon Fire from the Heavenly Axiom. Only then could the relic be melted and the evil energy be expelled, turning it into a pure spiritual source.

This time, Gu Chensha's cultivation did not improve, but his weapon and armor had a qualitative leap. A treasure that could absorb spiritual energy and had a soul was a terrifying existence.

"I gave the Magic Breaking Celestial Sword to Yiming. My real treasures are the Dragon Transformation Pagoda and the Dragon Transformation Fluid. This pagoda is slowly evolving, and I don't know when it will finish. I don't have the energy to refine it every day."

Gu Chensha had high hopes for the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. However, apart from cultivating, he had to use his blood to draw talismans every day to refine the Black Tortoise Egg, Great Dragon Armor, and Demon Descending Blade. If he used that time to refine the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, he wouldn't have enough energy and blood. He could only wait until his cultivation was a little stronger.

After three months of tempering, his spiritual energy had filled his diaphragm. Apart from some small areas that weren't as smooth as he wanted, it was more or less connected. As long as the spiritual energy broke through the Jade Pillow Acupoint at the back of his head and reached the brain, he would reach the Dao Realm Third Transformation, Copper Skin and Iron Bones. At the same time, he would be able to cultivate the Sun Moon Dragon Scales, Sun Moon Dragon Skin, and Sun Moon Dragon Bones to a small success.

After coming out of the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar, the King Dragon Armor expanded and contracted according to his will. It was no different from an arm, and it was the same for the Demon Descending Blade.

He had sacrificed his blood to summon the Sun Moon Dragon Fire, which consumed some blood. However, after consuming the Heavenly Dew, he recovered it immediately.

After sacrificing the Evil God's flesh and blood, he had obtained three big buckets of Heavenly Dew. After so many days of consumption, he had also rewarded Yi Ming, his adopted son, Liu Yu, Shi Zhongchan, Long Zaifei, Long Yuxia, Long Yuhong, Wang Zhi, Lan Qi, and the others. Of course, he had to use it sparingly. He himself was a huge consumer of Heavenly Dew.

If he hadn't sacrificed the Evil God's flesh and blood, he would have been struggling. His cultivation progress wouldn't have been so fast.

After all, it had only been a year since he had obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. He had gone from a beginner martial artist to a cultivator at the Second Transformation of the Dao Realm. This was considered shocking even among the 72 Mystical Sects of the Primordial Era. Only Innate Sages could compare to him.

However, this was all because of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. Without it, he would probably still be a martial artist. Only the Son of Destiny could possess the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

"Father said that if I didn't experience hardship, I wouldn't be able to obtain this opportunity. Also, he said that I won half a chess piece in a game of chess with the heavens? Could it be that this Heaven Sacrificial Talisman didn't originally belong to me?

I'm not the Son of Destiny. Was he the one who forcefully twisted the fate of the heavens and reversed Yin and Yang? That's why I obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman? "

Gu Chensha had been thinking about this question for the past few days. However, he had no way to verify it with the Heaven Talisman Emperor. The Heaven Talisman Emperor's height wasn't something he could understand.

However, the Heaven Talisman Emperor's words made him secretly wary. Since this Heaven Sacrificial Talisman didn't belong to him, he had to be prepared to disappear at any time. Originally, he was overly reliant on this talisman. If it disappeared, his spirit would probably collapse. However, after receiving the guidance of the Fourth Gu Huasha, he actually comprehended the 'Clumsy Fist'. His thoughts gradually calmed down. He was happy to obtain it and happy to lose it. Such a cultivation realm had broadened his mind and allowed him to see many things more clearly. As he pondered, he went downstairs.

At this moment, Yi Ming was teaching Long Zaifei, his foster son, Long Yuxia, Long Yuhong and the others how to cultivate.

His foster son had actually stepped into the Dao Realm. Just by breathing, he seemed to have some sort of aura.

As for Long Zaifei, the little boy, his fists were like lightning and his right hand was like the tides. He was simply a natural genius in martial arts.

"Master."

Yi Ming saw Gu Chensha and hurriedly bowed. "My foster son broke through to the Dao Realm because the Seven Saint Heart Refinement Pill awakened his wisdom. During these days, he has been studying all sorts of books, especially the martial dao chapters in the Heavenly Talisman Grand Ceremony. He has gained many insights."

"I also know that the Seven Saint Heart Refinement Pill is extremely mystical. It was originally created by the Seven Saint Heart Refinement Pill for the commoners. But since the Barbarian Race obtained so much, why didn't they give it to their own people?" Gu Chensha asked.

"The Barbarian Race worships the Evil God. If they consume this pill, their minds will become clear and they will truly be enlightened. They will no longer worship the Evil God." Yi Ming said.