Chapter 514
===========

"Your Highness, there are currently 109,820 members of the mystical immortal dao sects in the Lesser Divine Province. Over the past three months, many sects have summoned their disciples here to build and manage. The ninety-nine prefectures of the Lesser Province's formations are in operation, and the creatures in the sea have gained much intelligence." When Gu Chensha returned to the Lesser Province, Jin Suibo came forward to report.

"Good, very good." Gu Chensha couldn't help but nod at the situation before him.

Looking out, the construction in the Lesser Province was in full swing. All the cultivators were chanting the Great Life Universal Purification Scripture, and the creatures in the sea could vaguely see many scriptures condensed from essence, qi, and spirit rushing into the sky, forming a treasure pagoda that covered the land. In the end, they transformed into the illusory dragon of scriptures that burrowed into the Azure Dragon Pagoda at the center, and after thousands of cycles of preparation, they were sent into the sphere.

This way, the Life's Wish sphere obtained a stable vow of vow and was constantly replenished with power. It seeped into the depths of the sphere world, expanding, condensing, and nourishing. Gu Chensha felt that this was the style of the seventy-two mystical immortal dao sects. After three months of operation, there were already a hundred thousand cultivators here.

Of course, the disciples of the two thousand mystical immortal dao sects added up to at least a few million, or even ten million. However, most of the cultivators and disciples were too weak to adapt to the environment of the sea.

For the time being, Gu Chensha only allowed the heads of these sects to bring disciples who had reached the fourth transformation, the Metal Devouring Stone Transformation. That way, they could somewhat resist the harsh environment of the sea.

At the fourth transformation, the Metal Devouring Stone Transformation was one with the inside and the outside, impervious to all poisons. Even the harsh climate of the sea could do nothing to them, and their ability to survive was greatly enhanced.

Of course, in order to carry out construction in the sea, one had to reach the seventh transformation, the Levitating Stone Transformation. The others were all reserves.

Even among the second or third-rate mystical immortal dao sects, there weren't many powerful disciples, and those who could reach the seventh transformation, the Levitating Stone Transformation, were few and far between.

Of the hundred thousand cultivators, less than ten thousand were above the seventh transformation. Most were below the sixth transformation.

In truth, second or third rate immortal dao sects might not necessarily compare to some of the second or third rate noble clans of the Central Divine Continent.

As the Celestial Designer Institute and the Celestial Calmness Department continued to produce all kinds of medicinal pills, and the development of the Wildlands, experts began to spring up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain.

Celestial Path Sects were more secluded and developed slowly. Actually, in a sect, most of them were service disciples. They were all below Dao Realm and there were more Mortal Realm Martial Masters.

In time, the overall strength of the Yongchō people of the Central Divine Prefecture would definitely surpass that of the Mystic Immortal Dao.

"Jin Suibo, although I didn't get the Peerless Heavenly Book this time, I was able to acquire the Xingqiong Clan's Seventy-Two Divine Prefecture Grand Magic. I've gained a lot of enlightenment, and I'll pass them on to you now. You'll definitely be able to improve the Minor Divine Prefecture." A thought surged out and was transmitted into Jin Suibo's sea of consciousness.

Jin Suibo quickly accepted it, and it took six to eight hours for it to be finished. His entire body rippled with spiritual power, and he immediately began to gain enlightenment.

"Study it carefully. The Divine Prefecture Grand Magic is filled with boundless profundities. If you hadn't participated in the construction of the Minor Divine Prefecture, you probably wouldn't have been able to fully understand it in your lifetime. But in the process of constructing the Minor Divine Prefecture, you'll be able to work with the Grand Magic and benefit greatly from it."

Gu Chensha let Jin Suibo continue to study the Grand Magic. With a thought, he flew up into the air and split into ninety-nine clones. The ninety-nine clones transformed into ninety-nine enormous dragons. These dragons didn't have scales on them, but rather an ink painting of the divine prefecture.

"Divine Prefecture Dragons, the Earth Seethes, the Sun and Moon Travel, the Void Illuminates." Gu Chensha had already gained a better understanding of the Minor Divine Prefecture.

The hundred thousand cultivators looked at the ninety-nine Divine Prefecture Dragons in the sky in shock. They felt like they had the power to destroy heaven and earth. In front of such power, no cultivator could resist at all. Then, Gu Chensha's instructions appeared in the minds of many cultivators.

"Don't be surprised. This is the Minor Divine Prefecture that I've modified. You just need to cooperate with me." The ninety-nine Divine Prefecture Dragons immediately burrowed underground.

The entire Minor Divine Prefecture that spanned hundreds of thousands of miles immediately changed. Many mountains rose up and lakes appeared. The original buildings weren't destroyed. Instead, they were wrapped by an invisible power and floated up.

"Too strong, too strong …" Among the cultivators here, the one with the highest cultivation was the Hun Qing Sect's Sect Leader. Even Wang Qingzhu's body was trembling.

He had already cultivated to the peak of the Dao Realm's 26 Transformations, 10,000 Techniques Return to One, and it was of the Vajra Technique quality.

Not including the Natural Saint's True Dragon Technique quality, he could already sweep the Celestial Dao and even some of the Great Elders of the 72 Mysterious Gates.

If he joined the Black Heaven Earth Sect, he would immediately be able to truly participate in decision-making. However, it would be better for him to establish his own sect and become an ancestor.

He had originally wanted to see Jin Suibo establish the Immortal Dao Alliance and come to reap the fruits of his labor. In his opinion, the juniors of the Calmness Deity Department were all insignificant, and he could completely suppress them. However, who knew that he would encounter a monster like Gu Chensha, who would be suppressed with a flick of his finger.

Although he had temporarily submitted because Banished Immortal had used Banished Immortal's method to knock down Ba Ju Feng, this didn't mean that he had become a slave of the Calmness Deity Department. What kind of person was he?

Naturally, he knew how to be flexible. He had been lying in ambush, ready to make a comeback at any time and kill many people of the Calmness Deity Department to take revenge for the humiliation he had suffered over the past few months.

However, he now saw Gu Chensha transform into ninety-nine Divine Prefecture Dragons and burrow underground. The entire Minor Divine Prefecture's landscape within hundreds of thousands of miles had undergone a fundamental change. The soil and rocks were all changing.

This kind of majestic power made him feel terrified. Only then did he realize that Gu Chensha had just been playing with him the last time they fought. This was his true power. This kind of power wasn't something he could contend against at all.

He once again suppressed his thoughts of revenge and could only follow Gu Chensha's instructions. He also activated the Great People's Salvation Scripture to cooperate with the condensation.

The continent's tectonic plates were wriggling as if they were being forged again. All the soil began to turn the color of sky blue. This was somewhat similar to the 'Heaven Mud' on the Minor Mount Meru where the ape race lived.

'Heaven Mud' was a soil that was a step further than 'Immortal Mud'. Back on the Minor Mount Meru, the ape race could only change the soil on that mountain peak. They couldn't do anything to the ground at the foot of the mountain.

Now, Gu Chensha actually wanted to turn the soil of the entire Minor Divine Prefecture into Heaven Mud. This was simply unimaginable. Of course, it was impossible for him to transform it in one go.

In order to accomplish this great feat, even he would probably have to go through hundreds of thousands of times, or even millions of times of condensation. He would need to spend tens of years, or even hundreds of years.

This was based on his current cultivation base. If his cultivation base increased, the time needed would be greatly reduced.

After seven days and seven nights, the entire Minor Divine Prefecture's mountains and rivers had undergone earth-shattering changes. It was simply a miniature version of the Minor Divine Prefecture. It was getting closer and closer. Moreover, some of the key and hidden nodes of the Minor Divine Prefecture seemed to be breathing in and out with the real Minor Divine Prefecture.

Gu Chensha retracted his mana and drilled out from the depths of the earth. The 99 Divine Prefecture Dragons once again condensed into one and became his body.

This round of condensation gave him a deeper understanding of the Great Law of the Divine Land. It also caused an indelible and invincible shock to the more than one hundred thousand cultivators on the island, which was greatly beneficial to the improvement of his prestige.

"This Minor Divine Prefecture's vitality …" Wang Qingzhu's senses were the most acute. After Gu Chensha's condensation, the Minor Divine Prefecture's map changed. The entire Minor Divine Prefecture became a complete formation. Then, there seemed to be a formation in the sky like a pot cover. If someone flew in from the outside, they would encounter great resistance. This was the Divine Prefecture Boundary that Gu Chensha had created.

In order to prevent the vitality in the Minor Divine Prefecture from leaking out, living beings who had cultivated the "Great People's Salvation Scripture" could enter and exit freely.

The vitality in the Minor Divine Prefecture was very fresh. With just a slight breath, the vitality would be absorbed into one's body, fusing into one's blood vessels. It would wash away waste gas, wash away impurities, purify one's cultivation base, destroy one's inner demons, extinguish one's inner fire, concentrate one's mind, and gather one's Heart Qi. Clouds and mist floated above the Minor Divine Prefecture, emitting a natural fragrance.

"It seems a little similar to the Heavenly Dew …" Wang Qingzhu absorbed a cloud and was instantly shocked. "It's far from being as pure as the Heavenly Dew, but it already has a part of the Heavenly Dew's characteristics. The medicinal effect is only one-tenth of the Heavenly Dew's, but this is still incredible. Unbelievable. The Ancient Heavenly Dew can only be obtained through sacrifices. No matter how powerful one's mana is, they can't create it. Could it be that this Gu Chensha can create the Heavenly Dew? That's too terrifying. " Wang Qingzhu increasingly felt that Gu Chensha was unfathomable and hard to fathom.

At this moment, Gu Chensha was on the Azure Dragon Pagoda, looking at the Minor Divine Prefecture that he had created again. He grabbed with his hand, and a drop of water appeared on his fingertip. This drop of water was somewhat similar to the Heavenly Dew. However, the effect was indeed only one-tenth of the Heavenly Dew's.

However, Gu Chensha's face was filled with joy. "Very good. My Heavenly Law Technique has reached such a profound level that I can actually extract countless dimensional energies, refine, combine, decompose, and extract them. Through the purification of mana, there is hope for me to create the Heavenly Dew."

The effect of the Heavenly Dew was not as good as many spiritual medicines, but it was still rare. Moreover, the Heavenly Dew had a special characteristic, which was that no matter how much one consumed it, there would be no side effects. It was suitable for both young and old.

Even the Human Dragon Pill that Gu Chensha had created was still inferior to the Heavenly Dew in terms of building a foundation for weak living beings.