Chapter 705
===========

Kacha! The crystal ball cracked.

God of Destruction flew out and said respectfully, "Master, your subordinate, God of Destruction, is willing to serve you." "Very good. You have signed the Sun Moon Contract with me. You can't go back on it."

Gu Tian Sha slumped down on the chair, a languid look on his face. "Next, besides assisting the crown prince in ascending to the throne, your mission is to find out everything about the three Heavenly Venerables. Then, lure some God Rank experts to me, and I'll plant a Sun Moon Contract on them one by one, wiping out the three Heavenly Venerables. Especially Yuan Shang and Pu Ziyi. They are known as the best in divination and the best in battle. I will capture them and plant the Sun Moon Contract on them. They will be good helpers. "

"Master, the strongest person below the three Celestial Venerables is Dou Yiyu. She actually obtained the recognition of the Immortal Slaying God Flying Knife Gourd and can use it without paying any price. In that case, master only needs to subdue Dou Yi Yu, "God of Destruction suggested.

"Dou Yiyu, this woman is indeed a strong person. She is also someone with great fate. She actually obtained the recognition of the Immortal Slaying God Flying Knife Gourd. This gourd is formed from the killing energy of the apocalypse. If it can unleash its full power, it will definitely be a treasure of the Heaven Longevity Realm.

It is also the number one treasure of the Primordial Tree. From now on, no treasure of the Primordial Tree will be able to surpass this gourd. "

Gu Tiansha said lazily, "This gourd is quite delicious as a resource. As for Dou Yiyu, she will be mine from now on.

She is fighting Chang Weiyang in the depths of the space-time turbulence. The outcome should be decided soon. These two women will be under me.

However, I am still unable to resist the power of the gourd. I can use the power of the sun and moon at the very least. I will only be able to use more as my cultivation level increases. " The sun and moon of the Endless World were existences of the Great Thousand World level.

Even though Gu Tiansha was the Lord of the Sun and Moon, he couldn't use the true power of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand World.

Right now, Gu Tiansha's cultivation realm was still not high enough. He was far from the Heavenly Lord Realm, which meant that he was only at the Dao Realm Level 30. It was only because of his special identity that he could use a bit of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand's power that he was able to toy with God Extermination like this.

Thinking about it, if Gu Chensha could stimulate the strength of the dimensional realm's Common People's Wish sphere and Paramita Golden Mountain and combine them together, he would be able to create all sorts of miracles. He could even contend with an Empyrean. Even the Heavenly Life realm Wan Senshi wouldn't be at a disadvantage and wouldn't be able to kill him, much less someone like Gu Chensha who possessed the strength of two great worlds, the sun and moon. Of course, the larger the world and the higher the level, the more difficult it was to activate.

Right now, Gu Tiansha was probably not even using a ten-thousandth of the power of the Sun and Moon Great Worlds. Only by raising his cultivation level would he be able to truly control this Dao.

If he became a Celestial Master, he would be able to use about one-thousandth of his power. In that case, he would be invincible.

This was the Lord of the Sun and Moon, an existence that had never appeared before. He only existed in legends.

No one could clearly see through Gu Tiansha's inner strength. Just what was this person? He was almost the same as Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Arts; it was hard to guess and fathom.

"Master, if you want to become an Empyrean, you will need to meet certain conditions. I wonder if there is anything I can help you with?" God Extermination tried his best to curry favor with Gu Tiansha.

"You won't be able to interfere in this matter. Becoming an Empyrean isn't an easy matter. "

Gu Tiansha narrowed his eyes, deep in thought. "Go. Don't provoke Dou Yiyu for the time being. Bring that Yuan Shang and Pu Zixi to me. Use the Ancient Mystic Sand as bait. " "Yes."

God Extermination's cultivation greatly increased. With a slight movement of his body, he completely vanished.

He had obtained the strength of the Sun and Moon Great Worlds and fused it into the depths of his soul. In addition to the Sun and Moon Contract, even an Empyrean wouldn't be able to kill him. If he encountered an Empyrean, he could definitely escape. Of course, no matter how fierce he was, it was impossible for him to contend with an Empyrean.

"Just how can I swallow Gu Chensha? I have to think of a way. "

Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha pondered. "This kid's Heavenly Dao is really good. It's also the only way for me to break free from the Lord of the Sun and Moon Heavenly Dao's restraints. As long as I swallow him, not only will my cultivation level skyrocket, but I will also be able to achieve perfection. I will be free from the restraints and be free. Otherwise, I will still be restricted by the Heavenly Dao, which will make it difficult for me to do things. Fate is connected to me.

I have to do things that are beneficial to the Heavenly Dao. Otherwise, it will weaken my fate, which makes me very unhappy. "

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha saw Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha deep in thought. He hurriedly bowed and left, but he definitely didn't dare to spread the news.

He knew that Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha dared to plot against the three Empyreans. He definitely wouldn't be afraid of him betraying him.

He gripped the Connate spirit treasure, the Axe of Cleansing and Turbid, and poured his spiritual power into it. Instantly, the axe transformed into two streams of pure and turbid energy, which entered his body and began to swirl around him, protecting his spiritual power and will. Not even a god could do anything to him. This was also a great benefit.

"Looks like I can get a lot of benefits from Gu Tiansha first. No matter what, I'm the Crown Prince. Since I'm going to be the Emperor, I can enjoy the support of the heavens and the people. I can quickly cultivate to the God level."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was a practical person. He felt that it was best to cultivate step by step and reap the benefits.

"Sooner or later, I will also become a Empyrean level giant because of my birth and potential. I'm also the son of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. If Gu Chensha can shake the world and laugh at the top of the Divine Prefecture, so can I. As long as I can activate the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, I can immediately become a Saint and achieve great things."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha secretly cheered up. "I'm far behind Gu Chensha now, but very soon, I will be able to catch up.

Everyone, wait and see. I'm the Crown Prince and I can't just fall like this. Otherwise, Father wouldn't have made me the Crown Prince. Father must have made me the Crown Prince because I have my strengths. Now, I haven't become a giant because I haven't activated my strengths. Sooner or later, I will truly stand at the peak. " He left quietly and started to do his own things.

At this moment, within the dimensional realm of the sphere of Common People's Wish, Gu Chensha was also assisting the Jade Ring Dew in subduing many tyrannical characters of the New Divine Land. For example, Daoist Calming Chaos and some other giants from the Boundless World.

These people had formed an alliance to prevent the Great People's Salvation Scripture from being brainwashed. Of course, with the power of the Medium Dimension, these people couldn't escape.

In this New Divine Continent, the strongest leader had actually reached the Primordial Dust Realm, the 35th Transformation of the Dao Realm.

This leader actually had the appearance of a young man. He had an elegant demeanor and was like a jade tree in the wind. It was as if he was a strange flower that had gathered the spirituality of heaven and earth.

"Calming Immortal Department, you guys are too overbearing. As a cultivator from the Divine Ability Great World, I came here just to avoid calamity. I didn't offend you. I came to the New Divine Prefecture to do business, but now I'm going to suffer an unexpected calamity. You guys want to use this mantra to brainwash me. After brainwashing, I will never be able to step into the Celestial Lord Realm. You guys are destroying my Dao. In the future, we will be irreconcilable enemies! "

This young cultivator contacted all the giants and gathered them together. The power of the world interacted and actually formed layers of treasures.

"All of you are colluding with Wan Senshi to go against the Imperial Court. This is disgraceful. When I was tied to Huabiao, I saw everything clearly."

Yu Huanlu's voice was extremely cold. "Wang Shanshi, you've already secretly taken Immortal Master Wan as your master to carry out all your schemes and sabotage. I know you're an expert born from the destiny of the Great Thousand World of Mystical Abilities. From a certain perspective, you're the true main character in the Great Thousand World of Mystical Abilities. Unfortunately, when you came to the Endless World, you faded into the crowd." This young man was called Wang Shanshi and he was someone from the Divine Ability Great World.

This was a large world that was born from the chaos explosion in the depths of the endless space-time chaos. It wasn't something that humans could create.

"Yuhuan Lu, your cultivation is only at Dao Realm 22-Transformation Phenomenon. Compared to me, you are just an ant. You just rely on many treasures and the giant behind you. Do you really think that you can convert me? The gap between our realms is too huge.

Even with the power of a medium-sized world suppressing me, you can't do anything to me. "This young Wang Shanshi's expression was really ugly.

"Is that so?" At this moment, Gu Chensha and Longevity God appeared in the New God Continent.

Longevity God first looked at Calm Chaos Daoist and said: "Calm Chaos Daoist, what are you still holding on for? Is it just to vent your anger? Wan Senshi can't do anything to His Highness. If you join His Highness, you still have a chance.

"You see, I've pledged my allegiance to His Highness, and now my destiny is flourishing. Not only have I cultivated a minor dimension, but I've also obtained three True Divinity positions. Given time, it's not impossible for me to become an Empyrean.

In the past, any one of them was a peak 36 Transformations expert. Now that I have three fates combined, I can definitely surpass them and become a Celestial Lord. " "Longevity God, you have indeed gotten a good chance."

Calming Chaos was the top of the second-rate celestial path sects. He was really talented and cultivated the Chaos Calming Technique. This was a self-created ability and he had his own true Dao. The Chaos Calming Sect he created was ranked 73 in the celestial path sects. Just a bit more and he would be able to threaten the 72nd ranked Mountain Sect. In truth, Mountain Sect had few talents and might be swallowed by Chaos Calming Sect in the future. = = The free phone reader is online! Over a million free reading, smart bookshelf management, you will never lose what you like! Dedicated to creating a better reading experience. Follow my WeChat account. (Press and hold for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader.