Chapter 409
===========

There were many bishops and archbishops in the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple. They were all at the seventh, ninth, and even twelfth Dao Realm.

These people were usually enough to take charge of an area, but when facing a top expert like Gu Chensha, they weren't enough. Thinking about it, one of the 10 Battle Kings of the Ape Race, Great Ape King, who was at Dao Realm level 22, was captured in one strike.

Gu Chensha came here because he wanted to fight the Ape Race. He wanted to let them know that he wasn't someone they could offend. If they wanted to attack Jingxian Si, they would just die. Of course, he didn't have any hopes of wiping out the Ape Race.

Since ancient times, the Ape Race had many experts. Now, there were many old monsters who used the Dao of the Heavens to sense time. How would it be easy to wipe them out?

However, the barbarian race who worked together with the Ape Race could be wiped out. He could capture them as slaves to open up the mountains and build up his land.

Apart from that, the most important thing for Gu Chensha was to comprehend the final theory from the battle with the Ape Race to reach Dao Realm Transformation 20. He would be able to gather and disperse impermanence. He would be able to cultivate magic and become the King of All Techniques, the Heaven Path Technique Quality. Suppress all laws. Even the Legalist School's Law World couldn't do anything to the Dao of the Heaven.

Thinking back to the past, he hid in the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple. If it wasn't for the protection of the Sun Moon Altar, he would have been captured and any priest would have been able to kill him.

But now, he was high and mighty, and with a single thought, hundreds of thousands of Core qi poured down, filling the entire temple in the blink of an eye. The Core qi was like a spirit snake, burrowing into the temple, destroying countless restrictive magics and wrapping around the Priests, High Priests, Bishops, Archbishops, and all the other top experts. With a twist, they were refined.

"Oh? There are also two Golden Core level old apes. "

Gu Chensha was really observant. The pill energy was dropping and when he entered the treasury, he faced the counterattack of the two old apes. The two old ape demons sat in the underground secret pants, seemingly guarding the treasure. They had both cultivated to the 18th transformation, the Golden Core of the Great Dao.

However, it was still of no use. Gu Chensha's Core Qi passed through the secret chamber's stone and wrapped around them. They immediately exploded into a blood-colored mist, and the Golden Core floated up and down. Gu Chensha grabbed it and fused it into the crystal in his palm.

Golden Core experts lived for 1,000 years and could cut off rivers, move mountains, and flip oceans. But in front of Gu Chensha, they were killed in just the flick of a finger.

"There seem to be many treasures in the secret treasury. There are many resources stored inside. Is this preparation for war?"

With Gu Chensha's divine power, he could see many treasures clearly, even though they were thousands of feet underground.

Several years ago, when he came here, he had emptied a lot of treasures. But now, the treasures stored in the secret trousers deep underground were dozens of times more than before. It was obvious that the apes had provided a large number of strategic resources. Of course, there was no such thing as the Seven Sacred Heart Cultivation Pill.

Of course, there were no miraculous items like the Seven Sacred Heart Cultivation Pill. Most of them were high-grade medicinal pills, medicinal wines, armors, swords, mechanisms, and puppets.

These things were useless to Gu Chensha. They were far inferior to the treasures of the Ancient Underworld Underwater Palace that he saw some time ago.

But all the treasures of the Ancient Underworld Underwater Palace were taken away by the Martial Emperor after his rebirth. Gu Chensha didn't get a single thing, especially the 108 Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldiers. If he could get them, the Calming Deity Department would gain a lot of benefits and the pill furnace forged by the Dragonization Pagoda.

"Unfortunately, there are many war resources in this temple, but no powerful treasures. They are useless to my cultivation."

In an instant, a tremendous spiritual fluctuation penetrated thousands of miles in circumference and hundreds of miles deep underground. Gu Chensha did not find any valuable treasures in this Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple. However, there were a large number of strategic resources and various kinds of medicinal pellets, enough to feed millions of soldiers for more than ten years of fighting and consumption.

If converted into wealth, it would be equivalent to several years of taxes in the Yongchō Prefectures. This wealth was extremely rich. Not to mention the gold, silver, jewelry, jade, and other worldly objects.

The entire temple had been in operation for thousands of years. Many of the decorations, statues, and antiques were gold and jewelry. They were also extremely valuable items.

"This temple is our stronghold. In the future, we can station the army and save us the trouble of building a new castle. But the road outside is not smooth. Since that is the case, I will move the mountains and change the Fengshui of this place to open a path to the border."

At this moment, Gu Chensha already had the might of a monarch descending upon the world. It only took him a few words to suppress Yuan Shasheng and the Great Ape King, kill the two Golden Core old ape demons guarding the treasury, and behead all the priests, high priests, bishops, and archbishops in this divine temple.

Any cultivator who had cultivated the Innate Earth Qi of the Dao Realm Six Transformations, be it monsters or barbarians, would be minced by his Core Qi.

Now, a casual move from him was equivalent to tens of thousands of Golden Core cultivators forming a formation. Who could stop him?

"Open!" He roared and countless Core Qi seeped out.

The entire world was filled with a huge, shining golden palm. With a swipe of the palm, a mountain was picked up from the ground and tossed into the distance. Boom!

The mountain was smashed into the mountains. Countless Demon Apes fled in panic, causing the mountains to collapse and the earth to crack. It was like the end of the world. Who knew how many Demon Apes had died.

"Open a path!"

Gu Chensha pointed his finger again, and a ray of golden light that was several tens of miles wide pushed forward, flattening the ground. Mountains were pushed away by this golden light, swamps were filled up, and rivers and lakes were cut off. A wide road ran through the Desolate Wasteland for eight to nine thousand miles, directly connecting to his fief.

From the edge of the Ancient Dusty Land to the Chaotic World Demonic Ape Temple, there were layers upon layers of obstacles. There were mountains, dense forests, swamps, deep ravines, and countless miasma, poisonous insects, fierce beasts, and devil apes. Between the mountains, there were also natural cliffs. It was impossible for the army to reach there.

But now, under Gu Chensha's unparalleled power, all the mountains were moved away, the natural cliffs were broken, and the wide road was quickly condensed under the smelting of the golden light.

Wherever Gu Chensha's Core Qi reached, the rocks and soil were instantly melted into magma. Then, in the blink of an eye, they solidified into hard stone slabs. They were flat and as strong as steel. This was the power of a divine ability, the ability to transform mountains and rivers.

"What is that? What is happening? "

Many adventurers, merchants, experts, and even the common people at the edge of the fief could feel the earth shaking.

Some experts stood on high ground and watched from a high vantage point. They saw a golden dragon piercing through the mountains in the distance. When it came to the mountains, it shattered them, and when it came to the ravines, it flattened them. Following the appearance of the golden dragon was a broad road that extended endlessly into the distance.

In that desolate mountain forest, countless demonic apes, wild beasts, and even the hidden barbarian army were shocked. Some of them fled for their lives, while others crazily attacked the border.

At this time, groups of soldiers appeared. They were all elites. They wore Star Soldier Armor, carried Star Soldier Swords on their backs, and held fire talisman spears in their hands. All of them ran as if they were flying, and they were much more agile than the apes.

Even an ordinary fool would be able to run as if they were flying after wearing the Star Soldier Armor. They would have the strength of four bulls and one tiger, and they would be impervious to swords and spears.

This was a battle armor that surpassed the Horned Dragon Armor developed by the Tranquil Immortal Department.

In particular, the Star Soldier Swords on the backs of these soldiers could be extended and retracted. During the battle, they could suddenly lengthen and pierce through the enemy. They could also automatically fly out and kill the enemy before flying back.

With these two sharp weapons, the barbarian demonic apes were forced to retreat. Even a group of five soldiers could easily deal with the barbarian army of thousands.

As expected, when these soldiers appeared, they killed all the barbarian and demonic apes as if they were chopping melons and vegetables.

The experts of the demonic ape race did not appear, and the experts of the barbarian race also seemed to have disappeared.

"Everyone, don't panic. It's Prince Chen of the Tranquil Immortal Department who is completely solving the problem of the barbarian and demonic beasts."

At this time, many soldiers also received the order and roared. On the various military stations, there were instruments that transmitted sound, "Prince Chen is now using his Great Divine Ability to move the mountains and fill up the rivers. In the Savage Forest, he will open up a path that leads straight to the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos. You can also go deep into the Savage Forest and hunt." After a full hour. The golden ray of light reached the side of the mountain near the fief and suddenly disappeared. And an incomparably wide road that connected the fief appeared in front of everyone. This was not a road, but a flat plain.

On this plain, everything was solid and smooth like a mirror. Almost countless people could use this road to go deep into the Savage Forest. They could even build houses and establish cities and towns on this road.

In the Savage Forest in the distance, the forest was squashed and twisted. The barbarian race army and demonic apes cried out in pain. Some of the places where the army was gathered were squashed flat by the two mountains. The entire army was buried beneath the mountains and they were all dead. When many people saw these scenes, they cheered out in excitement. Gu Chensha's ability and power spread out just like that.

At this time, in the sky above the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple, Gu Chensha's palm strike connected the mountains, rivers, and the vast mountains. Unexpectedly, from the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple to his fief in the Wilderness, Gu Chensha forcibly opened up a flat road that was dozens of miles wide.

When he did all this, no one stopped him. This was because he had killed all the experts here. The strongest Yuan Shasheng, the Great Ape King, was also suppressed.

Such digging ability was something that even someone at the 24 Dao Realm Transformation would find hard to do. Maybe only an expert at the 25 Undying Body could do what Gu Chensha did.

This was Gu Chensha's improvement over the past two months. After fighting with Xing Qiong, his combat strength had increased by 10 times. Honglong!

Just at that moment, the moment he retracted his core energy, a shadow appeared behind him. This shadow was also an ape but it didn't seem to have a physical body. It was just a shadow. It reached out with its claws and sliced into Gu Chensha's back like it wanted to dig out his heart.

"Ape Race Chief, Ape Huang, you are finally out?

But you are just using a Soul Incarnation. This Soul Incarnation only has 10% of your main body's strength. You still want to deal with me? What a joke. "

Gu Chensha didn't dodge and allowed the claw to scratch his back. The 100 Golden Pellets in his body disappeared and all the attacks were absorbed.