Chapter 691
===========

The King of Common Life.

This was something Gu Chensha had come up with himself. It was even more powerful than the Commander-In-Chief of Common Life. It could be the ruler of a country, capable of calculating, calculating, and handling government affairs without rest. It could even handle the appointment and removal of officials. This was also what Heavenly Talisman Emperor was thinking.

Heavenly Talisman Emperor had once thought of creating emotionless puppets that could only calculate things to replace the officials of the world.

However, he felt that it wasn't time yet. After all, the world was still ruled by men. The people hadn't developed much intelligence, and the officials were their only hope.

Ordinary people studied and took exams in order to become officials. If this hope and path to advancement was blocked, they would probably feel resentment, and the gains would not make up for the losses. But now, Gu Chensha felt that the time was right. Besides, he had a fragment of the Epochal Cruiser.

The prehistoric civilization focused on artificial intelligence. If he combined the fragment of the Epochal Cruiser with the Lord of the Sun and Moon, he could create a King of Common Life with terrifying power. This was what Gu Chensha hoped to see. Just as he was devouring the power of the Dharma Saint, the North Star Plane erupted.

"Dharma Saint, you underestimate me too much."

The North Star Plane's will was as deep as the sea. "You have the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, but so do I. Will of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, come forth!" Weng …

A peerless will appeared in the sky, seemingly breaking through time and space. The sun and moon sank, and a door appeared. This door was formed by the will of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate. As soon as the will appeared, it tried to break through the restrictive spell and escape.

When the Warlock Saint saw this, his expression did not change. It was as if everything was within his calculations. He released his will and said, "How could I not know that you have a trump card?

The will of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate is very powerful, and a Martial Emperor once used it. Unfortunately, the talisman was devoured by Gu Chensha in the end.

You also entered the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate in the Yore-Wilds Era and received the blessing of the will. After all, you are the North Star Plane.

I even know that in the depths of the Dragon's Gate of the Great Desolate Eon, there is an even greater being than you. He is your master.

However, none of this is of any use. I am waiting for you to release your will so that I can use this door to replenish the power of the Heaven Sacrifice Decree.

Unless you obtain the entire Untainted Desolate Dragon Gate, you won't be able to contend against the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. You should know that what we have is the complete Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

At this time, the Dharma Saint used some unknown secret method, and Wu Dangkong's cultivation rose once again. Crack!

Wu Dangkong's body actually gave birth to World Power. At the most crucial moment, she broke through to God Realm and reached Dao Realm 30 Transformations.

Wu Dangkong's cultivation level had increased very quickly. Over the years, she had joined forces with the Warlock Saint. Although she had been kicked out of the imperial court and did not have any power, she had obtained one-third of the control over the Law Realm, which was a dimensional realm. As a result, the power that she could use was extremely vast. In addition, in order to nurture her, the Warlock Saint had given her countless ancient supreme elixirs that could increase her cultivation level. In addition, she also had the various abilities of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. Moreover, Wu Dangkong's talent was that of a Natural Saint. All in all, her cultivation speed could be considered a miracle. In just a few short years, it wasn't surprising for her to break through so many realms.

She reached God Realm at the most crucial moment. This was also the outcome that the Dharma Saint had planned.

Just like that, Wu Dangkong suddenly reached God Realm. Using World Power to activate the Heaven Sacrifice Decree, the talisman's strength was more than double that of before. A power that was close to that of Heaven and Earth descended.

The Sun Moon Altar started to change. It had already leveled up and turned into the Heaven and Earth Altar.

This majestic divine power spun a bit and swallowed the will of the Great Desolate Dragon Gate. Then, the Heaven and Earth Altar shook and became very clear. Above the altar, a world force that was thousands of times stronger than a dimensional realm was born. This was the Power of Chiliocosm. Ah! North Star Continent finally couldn't block it anymore.

Not to mention that he couldn't block it, even Wan Senshi would be in a bad state. The three Heaven Venerables wouldn't be able to change anything.

"Let's see who can save you."

The Dharma Saint looked at the heavens and the depths of the space-time turbulence. "I know that the commotion here will attract the attention of many great existences. But it doesn't matter. With my help, Wu Dangkong finally broke through to God Realm.

He can unleash the second layer of the Heaven Sacrifice Decree's power. He comprehended the Heaven and Earth Life Sharing Secret Technique and can derive the Power of Chiliocosm. Although it's only a trace, no one can break it. This is my, the Dharma Saint's, plan to devour your North Star Continent. " It was unstoppable. The Dharma Saint's plan was perfect.

At this moment, the Heaven Sacrificial Decree had evolved into the Heaven and Earth Sacrificial Altar. It was wholeheartedly sealing the place. In addition, the Warlock Saint had activated all the powers of the Law Realm and the Great Demon Prison. Indeed, no one could break through the seal.

At this time, a ball of light enveloped the space-time here. Then, a huge palm appeared out of nowhere. The existence that didn't believe in heresy had finally arrived.

This palm came from the depths of the space-time turbulence. No one knew where it came from. It was black and green. This was the aura of the Primordial Witchcraft, but it had a holy aura. It seemed to belong to an ancient True God.

"The Great Spirit God!" The Dharma Saint immediately recognized it.

Mighty Miracle God was deep in the chaotic flows of space and time. No one knew where he was attacking this place. Obviously, he also wanted the North Star Empire. Rumble!

While Mighty Miracle God was attacking, two beams of light shone down from the distant depths. Under these beams of light, all the space-time storms turned into nothingness. It was the attack of Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master.

Then, a few more huge hands appeared, as if they couldn't let the Dharma Saint capture the North Star Continent. Otherwise, with the Dharma Saint's control of two medium-sized worlds, and with the help of Wu Dangkong, he would be like a tiger that had grown wings. He would also be able to suppress the North Star Continent, refine it, and ascend to the Celestial Longevity Realm. Who could compete with him then? Wasn't the power of the world completely in the hands of the Warlock Saint? These heavyweights couldn't take it anymore.

"This is our chance!" At this moment, Gu Chensha finally felt that his opportunity had come.

"Longevity God, so many old-timers really don't want the Dharma Saint to get the North Star Continent. While they're fighting, we can escape. The Heaven-Sacrifice Decree can't hold us down."

Longevity God said, "The models of the Sun-Moon Lords in my minor chiliocosm have been imbued with immense power, and the North Star Continent can't move. If we leave now, I'm afraid that without the Heaven-Sacrifice Decree and the Dharma Saint's suppression, the North Star Continent will cause trouble again. Once the North Star Continent explodes, I'll die immediately. We're suppressing another celestial! "

"Don't worry. I'll use the Heavenly Dao Magic to cut off the connection between the Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong.

Of course, I'll help the North Star Continent now and make it restless. They'll counterattack from the inside, and the Dharma Saint will sense it. He'll use his trump card at all costs to heavily injure the North Star Continent. At that time, the North Star Continent won't be able to do anything. Isn't that our chance? "Gu Chensha said confidently.

At that moment, he secretly used the Heavenly Dao Magic and injected it into the sealed North Star Continent.

"Damn it …" The North Star Continent was sealed, but it was extremely furious. It struggled with all its might, but it couldn't break free from the Dharma Saint's medium chiliocosm power and the Heaven-Sacrifice Decree's chiliocosm power.

But at that moment, Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Magic suddenly poured into its body, and it felt a mysterious power spread out, causing its power to increase greatly.

At that moment, it couldn't care about where the power came from. It immediately tore apart the seal and escaped. Crackle!

The seals between the Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong shook violently as if they were about to break apart.

"What?" The Dharma Saint's expression changed. "Did I make a small mistake in my divination?

I didn't expect the North Star Continent to still have hidden power. But this is as far as it goes. It's forcing me to use up my vitality and use my ultimate attack. "

The Dharma Saint made a prompt decision, and a small version of himself appeared above the North Star Continent's head.

This small version of himself had a powerful aura. Although it was only the size of a fist, it had 10,000 demons worshiping it and 10,000 techniques accompanying it.

"One thought to create 10,000 demons, one word to rule the world!"

There was no emotion on the Dharma Saint's face or eyes. His small version of himself charged into the depths of the seal and silently started to fuse with the North Star Continent.

"Ah!"

The North Star Continent let out a loud cry, "This is the Primordial Heart Demon's supreme sacred technique. You've actually cultivated it and even created something of your own. You've used up a lot of energy to use this technique, and you won't be able to recover without a few thousand years. Do you really want me to die?" "Hmph!

You actually know this Primordial Heart Demon. However, I've modified this technique and fused it with my Dharma spells to cultivate another technique. Although I've used up thousands of years of cultivation and accumulation, as long as I refine you, not only will I be able to make up for it, but I'll also be able to improve further. "The Dharma Saint's aura also rapidly weakened. Clearly, he had used up too much energy to cast this divine power.

Upon seeing the Dharma Saint's aura plummet, Wu Dangkong's eyes flickered with a strange glint, but she calmed down soon after. She didn't dare betray him and suppress the Dharma Saint at this moment because she wasn't confident. She knew that if the Dharma Saint dared to do so, he would definitely have a backup plan.

Although Wu Dangkong and the Dharma Saint were working together, they seemed to be united on the surface, but they were actually divided at heart. Each of them had their own plans. Wu Dangkong wanted to make use of the Dharma Saint's power to cultivate quickly and become a big shot. At the same time, she wanted to find an opportunity to see if she could devour everything that belonged to the Dharma Saint and finally monopolize the power.

On the other hand, the Dharma Saint was thinking about the great changes in the world. One day, when the Heaven Offering Decree changed, he would immediately snatch it and devour Wu Dangkong. Both of them were asking a tiger for its skin.