Chapter 850
===========

"This Chu Feng is indeed capable. As expected of the reincarnation of the Gate of Jin's heavenly king, he sent God Mahākāśyapa to subdue the demons so quickly. Of course, this is also because of his heavenly king's might and the deterrence of the future Heavenly Court. The connate demons have no choice but to consider the changes in the future. These people are all wily old foxes, and now that the heavenly secrets are gradually becoming clear, they want to ride on someone's coattails.

Of course, these demons won't come to our Department of Calmness, because we kill demons for a living. Even if they want to join us, I'll refine them and make them part of the Divine Prefecture Gourd. Thus, they can only rely on the future Heavenly Court. "

Gu Chensha would not accept any devils to submit to him. The devils that submitted to him would either be killed or completely transformed into raw materials for the Common Life Divine General. Only a dead devil was a good devil.

Qin Han of the Human Dragon Society had once converted many demons into guardian vajras. However, the over-converted demons were actually just another type of walking corpse. Turning demons into guardian vajras was a fundamental change, similar to refining them into puppets.

Among the demons, the connate priests born from the primordial chaos were extraordinary. They also carried the scent of the people of the divine prefecture. Since ancient times, the demons had wreaked havoc on the divine prefecture. All the old demons had captured the souls of the divine prefecture's people and absorbed them, obtaining beneficial things from them. Over time, these old demons naturally carried the characteristics of the divine prefecture.

Now that they were offering sacrifices to the Primitive Dragon Gate, they were offering sacrifices to Gu Chensha. He could still extract the maternal nature of heaven and earth from their sacrificial power.

There were many old antiques in the depths of the demon race, and the sacrifices they gathered were no less powerful than the three thousand true gods. With the sacrificial power of gods and demons gathered, Gu Chensha instantly made great progress.

This was especially true of the Divine Prefecture Gourd. After incorporating the maternal nature of heaven and earth, its inner world gradually gained an aura that even the Celestial Realm didn't possess. Apart from that, the true divine prefecture had also developed a flawless characteristic.

Gu Chensha could still use the power of the Divine Prefecture to activate the gourd, but once the Emperor Of Heaven was born, the Divine Central Continent would probably break away from his control, just like the Four Wilds. Therefore, he had to make early preparations.

"Time. What I lack now is time. If I have another hundred years, I will definitely increase the population of the world by ten times. Everyone's quality will be raised to the Saint Realm or even the Divergent Realm. At that time, what will the Heavenly Dao do?"

Gu Chensha sighed. "Unfortunately, the Great Tribulation has already been launched by Jing Qiu and Xuanxin. Not to mention a hundred years, we don't even have half a month." Rumble!

Xuan Xin, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, Gu Changjian, and Gu Tanjian were still attacking. At this time, the ordinary people couldn't see what was happening. They could only see a huge ball of light enveloping the palace that floated above the Wildlands. Rumbling sounds came from inside the palace.

They were all used to this and didn't find it strange at all. Moreover, all the attention was on the fight against the demons in Sin State City.

"Damn it. Why is the power of the sacrificial offerings increasing? The power of the Heavenly Mother is increasing. Even the power of the Four Wilds can't suppress it."

Xuan Xin continued to attack, but not only could the Heavenly Mother protect so many concubines, it had also expanded, enveloping the entire palace. Even Xuan Xin and the other four had fallen into it. The Heavenly Mother Formation had begun its counterattack.

"Where did the Celestial Calmness Department get so much sacrificial power?"

At this time, even Peacock herself couldn't control the Heavenly Mother Formation. At this moment, the Heavenly Mother Formation was being controlled by a mysterious power from the void. This was the power of the Celestial Calmness Department, or rather, Gu Chensha was controlling it.

The concubines and Peacock were secretly shocked. Because they discovered that everything was under the control of the Celestial Calmness Department and Gu Chensha.

Not only did the Heavenly Mother Formation protect the palace, but it also launched a counterattack. It enveloped the five experts and began to absorb the power of the Four Wilds.

Xuan Xin, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, Gu Changjian, and Gu Tanjian used the power of the Four Wilds to suppress the palace in an attempt to kill the concubines. But now, they were all blocked. The power of the Four Wilds was still being absorbed. At this moment, the five of them felt like they were about to fail.

"Don't tell me I'm going to fail like last time?

I can't accept this. I'm already the Innocuous Heavenly King, and I'm the reincarnation of the Endless River. I'm also the Lord of Desolation, and I'm now at the Celestial Longevity Realm. Even though I can't use all of Desolation's power, I can use the power of the Endless River to create Desolation and fill it with life.

The population has exploded, and my strength is now at the peak. I don't believe that even with the power of the Four Wilds gathered, I can't do anything to Gu Chensha. Die! "Jing Qiu thought of the failure last time.

Last time, Jing Qiu had rebelled and was suppressed by Zhuge Ya. The Jing Clan had been destroyed because of that.

Now, he rebelled again with absolute confidence. He thought that it would be a piece of cake, but he discovered that the Celestial Calmness Department's methods were even more unfathomable.

"Impossible, impossible …" Xuan Xin did his best. "I've studied the Celestial Calmness Department in detail. They only have so much sacrificial power. After all, they lack the accumulation of time. How could they have lasted for so long, and even become more and more ferocious?"

Xuan Xin would never have imagined that Gu Chensha had obtained the Ancient Dragon Gate's Desolation Heavenly King's Desolation Heavenly King's Desolation Dragon Gate's three thousand True God Sacrificial Priests, as well as many ancient devils of the Devil Race.

Those ancient devils were either Celestial Venerables or Celestial Longevity Realm experts. Their sacrificial power was not something ordinary people or even Deity Realm experts could compare to.

The huge sacrificial power in the depths of the Little Hongmeng Tree was on the verge of exploding, causing the various spaces in the Little Hongmeng Tree to expand to a certain limit. Rumble! The interior of the Little Hongmeng Tree exploded. It wasn't a destructive explosion, but an evolutionary one. The Little Hongmeng Tree was no longer the Little Hongmeng Tree. The aura of the Mother of All Things emanated from the depths of the tree.

"This Little Hongmeng Tree isn't enough to describe it. Let's call it the World Mother Tree!"

Gu Chensha made a hand seal, and the newly named Mother Tree shrunk again. It flew into the Divine Land Gourd and took root in the Real Divine Land. At this moment, the Little Hongmeng Tree and the Divine Land Gourd finally fused together. No, it should be the Mother Tree and the Divine Land Gourd fusing together.

The fusion of the two invincible treasures produced an aura that surpassed the essence of the Primordial Dragon Gate, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, and the Primordial Tree. A huge force broke through the void and poured into the Heavenly Mother Formation.

The Heavenly Mother Formation's attractive force suddenly increased a hundredfold. It began to absorb the Power of the Four Desolates condensed by Xuan Xin, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, Gu Changjian, and Gu Tanjian.

Even the Endless River on Jing Qiu, the Endless Blade on Gu Changjian, and the Endless Sword on Gu Tanjian were attracted by this attractive force. They wanted to leave their bodies and be absorbed by the power Gu Chensha was using.

"Not good!" The five experts knew that today's matter would not end well.

"We've already initiated the tribulation. Why aren't the others following us?"

Xuan Xin roared, "That Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha hates Gu Chensha and Celestial Tranquility the most. What are they waiting for?

If we are absorbed by Gu Chensha and killed, let's see who else dares to initiate the tribulation. Apart from that, once we die, the Heart of the Four Desolates will fall into Gu Chensha's hands. At that time, no one will be able to stop Gu Chensha. "

Xuan Xin, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, Gu Changjian, and Gu Tanjian didn't believe that no one would cooperate. They couldn't be captured by Gu Chensha. Even the Emperor Of Heaven wouldn't allow the Four Desolates to fall back into Gu Chensha's hands.

Sure enough, at that moment, a majestic force from the depths of the void was directly injected into the bodies of Xuan Xin, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, Gu Changjian, and Gu Danjian, causing the five of them to explode in an instant. Crack! The Heavenly Mother Formation was torn apart by them.

"That's the power of a Heavenly King. I wonder which of Heavenly King Primal Chaos, Heavenly King Daluo, Heavenly King Dong Hua, and Heavenly King of Wisdom made a move." Gu Chensha naturally sensed what was happening. He still didn't make a move. Instead, he chose to wait. After all, some of the more powerful figures hadn't made their moves yet. Neither did Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha. He was still activating his own power and offering sacrifices.

In order to devour Raging Dragon Sect and the three thousand True Gods, as well as many of the old antiques of the Demon race, they had to be sucked into the Divine Land Gourd in an instant.

Especially Raging Dragon Sect. Devouring them and digesting them quickly was definitely not an easy task.

Gu Chensha was accumulating power, raising his cultivation base and condition to the peak. Only then did he make his move. Boom! At that moment, something strange happened.

In the old capital of the Divine Land, deep within the old palace, there was a huge explosion. Who knew where a power came from, deep within the Divine Land, and then it burst out. This was the power of the Divine Land's source.

Originally, the old capital had been transformed by the Celestial Pacification Department into a fairyland. The ground was paved with green jade, and flowers that never wilted were everywhere. The entire old capital was covered by a formation. It was like spring all year round, and the air was filled with Spiritual Qi. If a normal person breathed in, their lifespan would increase. This was a place where the rich and powerful lived.

Moreover, the old capital was a place of luxury. It had long been advertised as a fairyland on earth. However, Gu Chensha's idea was to turn the old capital into a park, an important attraction that the entire Divine Land loved to visit.