Chapter 481
===========

The original version of the Celestial Slaying God Slaying Gourd appeared. When one killed the enemy, as long as one killed the main body, even the incarnation mark would be wiped out. This was the true secret of the Celestial Slaying God Slaying Gourd.

In truth, experts who cultivated Dao Realm 20 Transformation Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence would all have some tricks up their sleeves. Even if their main body was slain, their incarnations could revive or they could use their incarnations to travel, so it was really hard to kill them.

But the Celestial Slaying God Slaying Gourd not only slashed the main body, but it would also slice off fate and destiny, causing all traces of one's existence to be wiped out. This was the reason why this killing weapon shocked the world. However, Gu Chensha had borrowed the power of this saber to obtain the power of the Heavenly Dao. Sou! Gu Chensha returned to the Common People's Wish ball.

At this time, at the place where the Demon Domain's seal had been broken, there was a secret room within the Nethersteel Fortress. There was a lit Demon Lantern in this secret room, and the shadow of a person appeared within the Demon Lantern's light. This shadow was the dwarf Abandoned. Peng! A whirlwind appeared in the room for no reason and nearly extinguished the light of the demon lamp. Death's Abandonment, the dwarf, showed a pained expression.

At that moment, an old demon appeared in the room. When he saw such a situation, he was shocked. He waved his hand and the entire room was covered in a demonic light. The light slowly turned back to normal.

Then, the old devil pointed his finger again and injected an extremely pure demonic aura into the Magic Lamp. The flames on the Magic Lamp rose fiercely and Abandoned the Midget walked out of it. However, he was weak all over as if he was seriously ill and had no strength at all.

"Celestial Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife! Fa Wuxian! Why is there such a blade! "

The dwarf Abandoned Death appeared, his expression still filled with fear. Originally, he had the potential to become a Saint, so he would not feel fear because of failure. However, the moment the flying dagger appeared, he felt as if he had fallen into a nightmare. He felt that he had no chance at all.

Along with the terrifying rumors that the flying knife came from the ancient era, it became a huge shadow in his heart.

"If you can't get rid of this shadow, you won't be able to recover." The old demon said.

"Father." Abandoned Dwarf knelt down. This old devil was the Devil Saint of the Pygmy race, the Pygmy Death Emperor.

"You said you were killed by Fa Wuxian?" Pygmy Death Emperor asked.

"I can sense his aura."

Abandoned Death recovered some of his strength, but he discovered that he had suffered heavy losses. "This child has lost the ring refined from God Maha's skeleton. This ring contains all of this child's treasures, pills, and puppets. This child has lost 99% of his cultivation. It will be very difficult for him to recover, and he might never have the chance to return to his original realm. Fa Wuxian, you and I are absolutely irreconcilable. "

The Pygmy Death Emperor knew the extent of his son's injuries. His true body had been destroyed, and he had lost his magical power core. What he had recovered now was just a spiritual imprint. His battle prowess was not even comparable to a Golden Core expert. Moreover, even he had no way of completely recovering from the destruction of his true body. He still had to rely on the dwarf's sacrifice to comprehend the principle of surviving a disaster.

This was equivalent to Jing Fanxing suffering a calamity, and Jing Qiu had no way of helping him recover.

After a long while, the Devil Saint of the Pygmy Death Emperor said, "I just communicated with the experts of the School of Legalism. The Dharma Saint has already defeated the alliance of The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor.

Both sides have reached an agreement, but during the chaos in all the Dharma Realms, someone stole the Primordial Chaos Holy Pill, the Wanxiang Shattering Stick, the Ancient Thunderclap Temple, the Little Muni Pagoda, the Three Realms Seal, and a Dharma Tree. " "So many treasures were stolen."

Abandoned Death Emperor gasped. "Each of these treasures is a primordial treasure. Even we can't take out more than a few of them. The School of Legalism's savings are so vast. But if it wasn't Fa Wuxian, who did it? "

After the incident, the School of Legalism found the aura of Heavenly Lord Victorious Battler's son, Dou Nineteen, in all the Dharma Realms. "

The Pygmy Death Emperor said, "Dou Nineteen is most proficient in the art of transformation. He consumed the Transformation Fruit and once caused chaos in the Mystic Immortal Path.

This time, he infiltrated the School of Legalism and probably stole the treasures. After all, even if he did something too big, the School of Legalism wouldn't dare to punish him in front of the three Heavenly Venerables. " "Dou Nineteen!"

Abandoned Death Emperor's eyes glowed with hatred. "I see. Fa Wuxian doesn't have the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd's blade qi, and the gourd is in the hands of the three Heavenly Venerables. The three Heavenly Venerables drew out a sliver of the blade and sealed it into a talisman to kill me. This makes sense. Also, the Spirit Demon Project that we and the School of Legalism worked together must have interfered with the three Heavenly Venerables' interests." "That's about it."

The Pygmy Death Emperor said, "I've calculated for a long time and found that Dou Nineteen isn't suspected of killing you. But it's precisely because of this that he's even more suspicious. The three Heavenly Venerables must have twisted some heavenly secrets."

"This matter was caused by the School of Legalism in the end. The School of Legalism lost the All-encompassing Shattering Stick, and Dou Nineteen came to kill me with it. Isn't the School of Legalism responsible?"

The Pygmy Death Emperor tried to circulate his magic power, but he realized that it was not working no matter how hard he tried. He couldn't help but say fiercely, "We can't rule out the possibility that the Dharma Saint and the three Heavenly Venerables are working together to kill me, and at the same time, incite conflict between the Pygmy Demon Race and the three Heavenly Venerables. After all, I'm a natural-born Saint Demon, and I'll definitely become a Demon Saint in the future. I'll be a great threat to the School of Legalism." "We can't rule out that possibility either."

The Pygmy Death Emperor said, "I'll negotiate with the Dharma Saint and ask him to heal your injuries in exchange. Otherwise, we'll have to decline the Spirit Demon Project. The School of Legalism isn't the only option for the Pygmy Demon Race. "

"Father, you have to be careful. The Dharma Saint was actually able to block the attacks of the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor, so he's probably at the level of the three Heavenly Venerables. If they turn on each other, we won't be able to handle it." The Pygmy Death Emperor said.

"I know that, but the Dharma Saint is far from recovering his strength. Be it the Great Spirit God or the Sorcerer Ancestor, they're both limited. Actually, they're forcing the Dharma Saint mainly because they want to find out from the Dharma Saint how to resist the Heavenly Summon." The Pygmy Death Emperor laughed coldly, "I also want to get that technique." "Father will definitely succeed."

The Pygmy Death Emperor said, "It might not be a bad thing that I've met with this tribulation. Only by being reborn after the tribulation can I achieve supreme cultivation."

"Right, you are now at the 26 Dao Realm Transformation, 10,000 Techniques Return to One. Next is the 27 World Seamless, tearing space."

The Pygmy Death Emperor said, "This transformation is the most crucial. As long as you comprehend it, you will understand the secrets of space. Once you understand it, you will step into the gate to God Realm. Although you are a Natural Saint Demon and don't have any problems with this transformation, the tribulation has strengthened your foundations. It will be easier for you to break through in the future and you won't have any doubts."

"Thank you for your guidance, father. I definitely won't give up because of this." The Pygmy Death Emperor said.

"The Dharma Saint is extremely skilled. As long as I spend some energy, I might be able to save you." The Pygmy Death Emperor's body suddenly disappeared. It was obvious that he was contacting the Dharma Saint to save his son.

Even with the Pygmy Demon Race's huge business, they only had one Natural Saint Demon. The Pygmy Death Emperor couldn't be crippled just like that. Within the Common People's Wish Ball.

Gu Chensha looked at the branches of the Tree of Wishes, wrapping around the Three Realms Seal, Little Moni Buddhist Pagoda, and Little Thunderclap Temple. It wriggled non-stop, wanting to devour the three treasures and fuse them into the Common People's Wish sphere.

These three treasures were all Buzhou Palace level treasures. Each of them required many God Realm experts and even Saints to refine for many years before they could form a physical form.

If they were absorbed by the Wish Tree and injected into the Common People's Wish Ball, the ball's accumulation would increase and it would close the gap with the Legalists.

"King really earned a lot this time. Our Calming Celestial Division is really lucky."

Zhuge Ya couldn't suppress the joy in his heart, "King swallowed the Hong Meng Saint Pill and his strength is stronger than mine. He also obtained the Spell Tree made from the remains of the Heaven Monster Tree. After the Wish Tree absorbed it, the Wish Tree finally formed."

"We really earned a lot this time. I didn't expect the Legalists to have such a strong foundation. They have so many treasures in storage. That World of All Dharma far surpasses our Common People's Wish Ball.

They actually didn't merge these treasures into the World of All Dharma, which benefited us. "Gu Chensha was extremely happy to see the success of the World of All Dharma he had built.

"The Legalists will more or less keep some powerful treasures for their experts to reward their disciples when they travel."

Zhuge Ya said, "Our Calming Celestial Division's accumulation is shallow. We can only refine one treasure. Moreover, the Legalists don't have the Heaven Monster Tree. Even God Realm experts can't disassemble these treasures by expending some of their mystical powers. Only the Heaven Monster Tree can absorb and reconstruct them. Once all of them are combined, their original mystical powers won't be damaged and they can fuse them seamlessly." "We have refined the Wish Tree, so we still have a great advantage."

Gu Chensha frowned, "However, the Dharma Saint has actually survived the tribulation. That means the pressure on us has increased greatly. We're no match for the Legalists."

"Right now, we can only sow discord between them and obtain the space for our Calming Celestial Division to survive and fight with the God Realm experts or even the Saints."

Zhuge Ya said, "Your Highness has done a masterstroke this time. You made the Devil race and the Legalists suspect each other, and at the same time, you made the Legalists and the three Heavenly Venerables become enemies. With the three sides restraining each other, the time and space for us to survive has increased greatly." "Next, I still have some things to do."

Gu Chensha said, "The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor have already surfaced. They are Gu Tanjian's true supporters. They are the fourth major force. We have to obtain benefits from them."