Chapter 862
===========

[One Second Remember 09], providing you with an interesting reading.] Chapter 859: The Power of the System As for how glorious the prehistoric civilization was, Gu Chensha was able to deduce it.

At that time, this civilization had spread across the various universes and countless space-times, creating countless glorious and splendid histories and cultures. Compared to the prehistoric civilization that had existed for who knew how many billions of years, the current Eternal Dynasty Celestial Department was like a baby that had not learned how to walk.

The mechanical civilization created countless powerful puppets that far surpassed General Chang Sheng. Other than that, some of the leaders even modified themselves into even stronger existences that surpassed the heavenly kings.

However, these leaders banded together to challenge the authority of the Heavenly Dao. In the end, the world returned them to chaos and once again created the immortal cultivation civilization. The Heavenly Dao was experimenting in these cycles of reincarnation.

Gu Chensha knew very well why the Celestial Master was in such despair. It was because he saw the invincible existence of the prehistoric civilization destroyed under the control of the Heavenly Dao. No matter how strong Gu Chensha was, he wouldn't be stronger than the prehistoric civilization. Therefore, he felt that both Gu Chensha and Gu Taxian had no hope. However, Gu Chensha didn't care. To him, the prehistoric civilization was strong, but they went the wrong way.

His current accumulation and strength couldn't compare to the prehistoric civilization, but he went the right way. He extracted power from people's hearts and controlled the Heavenly Dao. In his heart, the Heavenly Dao was just a tool that could be controlled. It had a self-healing mechanism, but it didn't have emotions. As long as Gu Chensha grasped the key point, he could inject emotions into the Heavenly Dao and weaken it. It was a true weakness. As the saying went, if the heavens had emotions, they would grow old.

"Now, you have no way out. I will temporarily seal you, and you can study in this crystal ball. Although the Prehistoric Civilization was strong, their failure was their own fault. After I obtain the Prehistoric Civilization, I will be able to better find the flaws in the Heavenly Dao."

Gu Chensha grabbed the crystal ball and looked at the struggling Celestial Master. He didn't care. "Now that I have stabilized the Eastern Barren, I will head into the depths of chaos and find the ruins of the prehistoric civilization that weren't destroyed by the Heavenly Dao. Take the system. " As he spoke, he walked once again and arrived at another core area of the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

In the middle of it all was an enormous heart-shaped magical treasure, which was none other than the Never-Ending Heart.

The main reason why Gu Chensha came here was to collect all the treasures and make the Infinity Treasures even more perfect. With the Infinity Heart, Gu Chensha only needed to cast a spell in the Dragonless Gourd to make the other Infinity Treasures submit to him involuntarily.

Patriarch Heaven and Earth was currently meditating in front of the Boundless Heart. His Universe Power was surging as though it was about to form something crucial.

"That's right, Patriarch Heaven and Earth. I can't believe you're going to form your own core."

Gu Chensha said, "Looks like you're the one who's hiding your strength. You'll be able to break through to the Sky Origin Stage in the future. Although you were resurrected by the Master of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha, it's a miracle that you managed to escape his control." "Gu Chensha!"

Patriarch Heaven and Earth opened his eyes. "You're here after all. I knew this day would come. The alliance in the Eastern Wilderness isn't stable, and everyone has their own plans. But don't celebrate too early. I'm afraid it won't be easy for you to obtain the Infinity Heart. " "I'd like to see how difficult it will be."

Gu Chensha played with the crystal ball in his hand. Seeing that the Immortal Lord had calmed down, he said, "Immortal Lord, you've formed an alliance with Patriarch Heaven and Earth. Who do you think Patriarch Heaven and Earth managed to latch onto? How dare you speak to me like that? " "Patriarch Heaven and Earth is unfathomable. He naturally has a trump card."

The Immortal Lord watched quietly. She knew that her struggles were futile, and there was no way she could escape Gu Chensha's pursuit. Thus, she could only choose to temporarily show weakness. But she did not submit, nor did she offer sacrifices to Gu Chensha.

"Immortal Lord, you should know who will win in the end."

Patriarch Heaven and Earth stood up. "Gu Chensha, you want to obtain the Infinity Heart. That's something even your father, Gu Taxian, couldn't do. Back then, Gu Taxian killed Xuan Xin because he wanted the Infinity Heart to come into being, but things didn't turn out as he wished. Can you do it today? " "Naive."

Gu Chensha shook his head. "You do have some skills, but compared to those Heavenly Kings, you're too inexperienced and inexperienced.

You don't have enough cultivation, you don't have enough essence, and you don't have enough planning either. I saw through what you're relying on with a single glance. First, you're relying on the Eastern Wasteland Heart. Second, you're secretly colluding with the other Heavenly Kings. Third, you've even made a promise to some secret existences, such as the Underworld. But now that I'm here, no one except the Celestial Thearch would dare to save you in front of me. Do you believe me? Do you think you're worth the Emperor Heaven risking being discovered by me just to save you? " "East Wilderness Might, Four Wilds Gather, Four Wilds Annihilation, Kill Your Enemy in One Strike."

Patriarch Heaven and Earth sneered and ignored Gu Chensha's words. Four streams of vital energy emerged from the depths of the Boundless Heart and intertwined with one another. Then, space-time was completely locked in place, turning into four lightning balls of green, red, black, and white colors. They wrapped around Gu Chensha in midair.

"Gu Chensha, this is divine lightning formed by the Four Wilds Origin. It's been stored for a long time just for you. It's the same as crushing you with the power of the Four Wilds. Enjoy!" Patriarch Heaven and Earth launched a sneak attack.

"Is that so?

You really have a strong foundation. You gathered the Four Wilds Origin for such a long time, and now you're trying to kill me? Or injure me severely? "

A gourd appeared above Gu Chensha's head. The gourd spun slightly and everything was sucked in cleanly. The divine lightning formed by the Four Wilds Origin became Gu Chensha's nourishment.

"Not bad, not bad. The power of the four desolates is indeed great nourishment. I've also taken a liking to the sacrificial offerings that your Profound Heaven and Earth Sect has been accumulating for tens of thousands of years. Since you ambushed me, you'll have to pay the price. Ancestor Heaven and Earth, you were already dead, but now you've been revived by Gu Tiansha. I won't kill you, because if I kill you, you might be revived again.

Many runes appeared in Gu Chensha's eyes all of a sudden. They formed a long rope that was like a dragon that wrapped around Patriarch Heaven and Earth.

"Infinity Heart, Source of the East Wilderness."

Patriarch Heaven and Earth's face fell when he saw his trump card being absorbed by Gu Chensha. He leaped and tore open the space-time in front of him, trying to escape. The Infinity Heart shrank into the size of a fist under his power, trying to escape with him.

Gu Chensha was determined to get the Infinity Heart, so how could he let Patriarch Heaven and Earth escape?

The ropes shot out from his eyes spread out slightly, intertwining and turning into countless huge nets that penetrated into the depths of the space-time turbulence. The space-time turbulence was like a violent ocean with turbulent undercurrents, but the Ancient Dust Sand was like a huge fishing net that could catch all powerful existences that could be caught in it.

Patriarch Heaven and Earth was not a big fish to Gu Chensha, but the Infinity Heart was a real big fish.

However, the Heart of Infinity was a truly big fish. It was also the last key point for Gu Chensha to peek at the Celestial Emperor's throne.

Therefore, he used his Dragonless Mental Skill to form a huge net that locked down the layers of space-time. Even if Patriarch Heaven and Earth tried to escape, it would be useless. Crack!

In the blink of an eye, Patriarch Heaven and Earth had no idea how far he had fled through the space-time turbulence. He had even entered the Cosmic Tide and used the Heart of Infinity to protect himself, making it so that the violent Cosmic Tide couldn't hurt him at all.

"The Infinity Heart is indeed the most mysterious existence among the Endless Thirty-six Treasures."

Patriarch Heaven and Earth held the Infinity Heart in his hands. "I can travel anywhere with the help of the Heaven Realm in the blink of an eye, and nobody can hurt me." "Is that so?" A voice was heard.

"Gu Chensha!"

Patriarch Heaven and Earth looked up and realized that he had somehow fallen into a net. The net was only the size of a fist and he had shrunk, making him look like a fish caught in a net. He thought that he had escaped, but in reality, he had leaped through countless spaces and yet, he had not escaped Gu Dusha's net.

The net landed in Gu Chensha's hand, right next to the crystal ball. Then Gu Chensha took a deep breath and sucked the Infinity Heart into his stomach.

After consuming the Infinity Heart, Gu Chensha seemed to have transformed. He wasn't in a hurry to deal with Patriarch Heaven and Earth. Instead, he blurred into the space-time turbulence and said, "Immortal Lord, I have all of your memories. Now, I'm going to go into primal-chaos to find the things left behind by the ancient civilization and acquire the systems of the One God.

But before that, you should have a good talk with Patriarch Heaven and Earth and get him to submit to me. The Profound Gate of Heaven and Earth will serve as an example and truly belong to the Calming Immortal Department. All the Profound Gates in the Eastern Wilderness will also belong to the Calming Immortal Department. If you can do that, I'll directly raise you to the Heaven's Origin realm, and I won't cripple Gu Huansha's cultivation.

"Gu Chensha, wait until you have subdued the system left behind by your prehistoric civilization. Let me tell you, the relic and the system are extremely powerful. Even with your current cultivation base, you will definitely fall into it. Once you fall, your Calming Immortal Department will lose your leadership and will definitely be torn apart." The Immortal Master warned him.

"You don't need to worry about that. If you can think of it, why can't I? "Gu Chensha said with a smile. Mobile users, go to M. Read for a better reading experience.