Chapter 1070
============

Protagonist Prototype

"Fa Wuxian, how can I trust you?"

Meholi was actually very tempted. The biggest flaw in his current cultivation was the Fa Wu Xian Imprint, which constantly interfered with his psyche. If this imprint flew away and left behind the pure gourd, he would reach the Undying Immortal Realm without a doubt.

Of course, Meholi knew that Fa Wuxian was extremely cunning and couldn't be trusted. Otherwise, if he was careless, he would be killed. But he also knew that this was the best way to send this god of plague away.

He originally wanted to use the power of the four worlds to completely refine Fa Wuxian's seal and destroy it. It was a feasible method, but at the last moment, it would be very risky.

Fa Wuxian wouldn't be willing to be refined at the last moment. At the moment of life and death, he would definitely put up a desperate fight and die together.

At that time, Fa Wuxian's death would be very powerful, and it might cause irreversible damage to him. After all, a starving camel was still bigger than a horse. Even if Fa Wuxian was a Undying Realm cultivator, even if he died, the seal he left behind could still stir up a storm and do many unimaginable things.

Meholi wanted to cultivate to the Undying Realm peacefully. If he didn't want to die together, he could only reach an agreement with Fa Wuxian and help Fa Wuxian resurrect.

After thinking for a long time, Meholi said, "Okay, I promise you that I will help you find a way to improve and resurrect you. However, there is one problem, and that is that you must help me seize the position of the supreme master after the four realms unite." "You're really ambitious."

Fa Wuxian's imprint pondered for a moment. "After the four realms merged into one, the supreme ruler that was born actually carries a supreme destiny, which is to completely suppress and kill Gu Chensha. If you are confident that you have the ability to do so, I will help you. But if you don't, I still advise you to let someone else do it. That person and Gu Chensha are fighting to the death. It's good that you take advantage of the situation."

"Don't worry. After I become the supreme master of the four worlds, I will devour Gu Chensha. Then, I will enter the Tenth Level of Immortal Realm.

You don't have to think about this. Just tell me, are you going to help me or not? If you don't, then there's nothing else we can talk about. I'll use the power of the four realms to refine you. Even if you die with me, I don't care. "At this time, Meholi's attitude actually became tough.

"Alright, I'll help you."

Fa Wuxian's mark moved. He actually had no other choice and could only compromise because he didn't want to die. Or rather, he was unwilling to die and wanted to revive.

"Since that's the case, we have come to an agreement."

Meholi smiled at this time. He knew that it was only a matter of time before he controlled the four realms. Victory was in his hands.

"Meholi and Fa Wuxian's mark have reached some kind of agreement. This is all within my calculations. I will be the one to deal with Gu Chensha in the future. I will also be the one who can defeat Gu Chensha in the end and reach the Tenth Level of Immortal Realm. I will always be the main character, the real main character. Everyone else is just a fake main character."

Zhao Jiangshan thought for a while. He seemed to have seen through everything about Meholi and Fa Wuxian.

"Fa Wuxian, you are an idiot. Otherwise, you wouldn't have fallen. We were both turned into beasts by Gu Chensha. I got a lot of training in this process.

Even if you deceive Meholi, it won't be of much use. I can still suppress you. Moreover, you might not help him, and he might not help you. The two of them are scheming against each other, and I can make use of it. " Zhao Jiangshan noticed the movement. He wasn't afraid. He felt that his chance had come. He could make Fa Wuxian and Meholi truly fall.

"This group of people is scheming against each other. Interesting." At the same time, someone also noticed the movement of the four realms. That person was Zhang Ziran. He was also making some arrangements. Beside Zhang Ziran was Zhang Yiren. The father and son united and prepared to do something big.

"Father, that Zhao Jiangshan is the first person to reach the Heavenly Dao Realm. He has a lot of fate energy. Moreover, he thinks that he created the multiverse. However, you are the original ancestor of the human world. Who has more fate energy between you and him? If you fight him, who will win? "Zhang Yiren asked.

"Of course it's me. Zhao Jiangshan doesn't understand our foundation."

Zhang Ziran said, "In fact, even your foundation is stronger than Zhao Jiangshan's. It's just that you haven't stimulated it yet. When you were born, you fused all of the Ancient Dao Immortal's mutated origin energy. Moreover, you also refined that terrifying will. Even if you don't rely on anyone, you still have hope of reaching the Undying Realm." "But father, I still can't improve. What should I do?" Zhang Yiren asked.

"We wait for an opportunity. The four realms merging is a great opportunity. I can use Zhao Jiangshan's Four Realms Merging to become the multiverse again, the master of the human world."

Zhang Ziran said, "There are too many opportunities now. This is an era of great change. Whoever can grasp the thread of change will stand at the peak of the era."

"Father, if we join forces now, how can we seize control of the four realms? The power of the four realms merging is extremely great. If Zhao Jiangshan steals all of it, I'm afraid the final result won't be very good." Zhang Yiren still said some substantive things.

"Don't worry, I've already made arrangements for this. I've also secretly informed Guhuasha. He's extremely powerful now, so he definitely won't let Zhao Jiangshan's plan succeed. He'll definitely plunder it. Moreover, he will definitely plunder it. "

Zhang Ziran said, "There is also the Otherworldly Ancestor and the Taoist Ancestor. They also more or less know about this plan and the overall situation." "The wind is rising and the clouds are surging. Who will win?" Zhang Yiren suddenly became excited.

"Originally, you and I had a lot of suspicions. But now it seems that our suspicions are unnecessary.

Right now, we need to cooperate sincerely in order to have the best future. If we attack each other on our own, I'm afraid that disaster will befall us and no one will benefit. "This was what Zhang Ziran meant when he talked to his son.

"Father, I know what to do." Zhang Yiren nodded.

However, in the depths of his heart, there were many evil thoughts lurking. "Zhang Ziran, do you really think that I am your son? I, Zhang Yiren, am an independent individual. I just reincarnated into your family. You want to be the only master of the world, and I also want to, so I can't accommodate you." Although he thought so deep in his heart, Zhang Yiren was respectful on the surface.

"Father, what should we do next?"

"It's very simple. I will first talk to Lin Xiaofan. This person doesn't feel unwilling to be controlled by Zhao Jiangshan. Unfortunately, even if he is a supreme genius, he can't escape certain limitations. Originally, he wanted to control Lin Yu and Meholi, but he didn't expect that halfway through, a Zhao Jiangshan would appear and control them all." Zhang Ziran said, "This Lin Xiaofan is really unwilling." "What about me?" Zhang Yiren asked.

"You go and contact the others. We will also form an alliance. Also, be careful of that Gu Huasha. When you contact the others, you must exclude Gu Huasha. Gu Huasha also wants to become the master of the four realms. Only then can he compete with Gu Chensha." Zhang Ziran said.

"I will listen to father's arrangements." Zhang Yiren said.

"Well, we father and son will act separately." While speaking, Zhang Ziran disappeared.

After Zhang Ziran disappeared, Zhang Yiren did not act. Instead, he waited for someone. Sure enough, after waiting for a long time, a person appeared beside Zhang Yiren. This person was Gu Huasha. The Fourth, Nihility Ancestor, Gu Huasha, the brother of Gu Chensha.

"Nihility Ancestor, what do you think of the current situation?"

Zhang Yiren asked, "Originally, I wanted to devour Zhang Ziran and obtain many secrets of the human world. But his strength is getting stronger and stronger. I am not his opponent at all. The human world is constantly expanding and giving birth to many universes. His strength is getting stronger and stronger. "

"This is inevitable. He was originally the Human Ancestor, the first master of the human world. Although he is my subordinate, I was unable to completely control the human world because of Gu Chensha. Otherwise, my control over him would be even stronger. But even now, I can still suppress him. This is why he is afraid of me." The Fourth Gu Huasha said.

"I want to devour Zhang Ziran. This is something we have planned. Now, the most important thing is Zhao Jiangshan's plan to unite the four realms. What do you think we should do?"

Zhang Yiren and Gu Huasha had already formed an alliance. Moreover, he had the ambition of a wolf. He even wanted to devour his own father.

"The unification of the four realms is imperative. Only then will we be able to change the situation of the world."

The Fourth Gu Huasha nodded, "Actually, both Gu Chensha and Mister Wu Wu agree with this matter. Both of them want to use this as a trap to plot against each other. Now, it will depend on who is more skilled. Mister Wu Wu is plotting, Gu Chensha is also plotting."

"Maybe both sides will suffer. At that time, we will take advantage of them. Such things have happened many times in history." Zhang Yiren said, "If the two of us work together, we will be able to obtain the greatest benefits."

"Yes, you and Zhang Ziran are working together. Because of your father-son relationship, you are always inferior to him. Moreover, he is not a good person. You want to devour him, but in reality, he is also using you.

What you are doing now is completely disregarding the karma between father and son. This is a wise decision. A wise man submits to circumstances. "The Fourth Gu Huasha said.