Chapter 300
===========

Que Huang 'er flew down and gathered with Que Ying' er.

"Sister, can the Vermillion Bird statue made from the fire jade absorb the faith of the barbarians?

This is the best chance. The Evil God of the barbarians has been sealed and can no longer control the believers. We can control the barbarians and steal their faith. The power of faith is very mysterious. It's the hope of all living beings and the key to becoming a god. " Que Huang 'er spoke.

"I asked Li Wanlong to make this fire jade. It contains many mysteries and can store faith but can't be refined. Only by obtaining the Book of Heavenly Demon can we make full use of the faith. "

Que Ying 'er said, "Therefore, we must obtain the Heavenly Demon Book and that Black Tortoise. As long as we obtain them, the two of us can become the strongest in a single leap. It's not impossible for us to become existences like Li Wanlong."

"That's right, Sister, I've already sent people to the border for the Vermillion Bird egg, but no one bought it." Que Huang 'er said, "But I think it will be bought by the Celestial Tranquility Department sooner or later."

"This Vermillion Bird egg is dead. Even Li Wanlong can't activate it. Maybe only by borrowing the power of the Celestial Tranquility Department can we do this. The Black Tortoise egg in the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple is also dead and has no vitality. Even the Chaotic Demonic Ape God can't do anything about it. But it was activated by that brat Gu Chensha.

He has secrets that no one knows about. We need to borrow his power to activate the Vermillion Bird egg and steal his Book of Heavenly Demon. At the same time, we can obtain his secrets. It's best if we capture him and get his Dragon Gate, Buzhou Palace! "

Que Ying 'er sneered again and again, "The Celestial Tranquility Department truly has a strong foundation. They have the Black Tortoise, the Heavenly Demon Book, and the Buzhou Palace, all these peerless treasures. That Lou Baiyue has even successfully cultivated the Great God Massacre Technique. Other than that, they even have the reincarnation of the Gods of Five Seasons and a few peerless geniuses. In another three to five years, when that pair of despicable men and women, Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha, have a slightly higher cultivation base and have unlocked the secrets of the Heavenly Demon Book, I'm afraid we really won't be able to do anything to them. So this plan must succeed. "

"Elder sister, that brat Gu Chensha can't be underestimated. If he activates the Vermillion Bird egg and gives birth to a Vermillion Bird, then wouldn't we be in trouble?" Que Huang 'er said, "Although that Vermillion Bird's egg is dead, it is still our clan's treasure. Nothing must go wrong. "

"I already have a plan. The Vermillion Bird egg contains a secret technique that I refined. When the time comes, I can even control that brat Gu Chensha."

Que Ying 'er said, "I asked Li Wanlong to refine this secret art. No matter how high Gu Chensha's cultivation is, it's useless. As long as he activates the Vermillion Bird, the Vermillion Bird will absorb all the energy in his body and even his primordial spirit as nourishment. Then, it will occupy his body. After obtaining the Heavenly Demon Book, it will immediately fly back and become my true body. At that time, I will be the Vermillion Bird God who has the Heavenly Demon Book." "Since Big Sister has a plan, then I can rest assured. I will act according to Big Sister's plan. What was the most crucial point in his sister's plan? I'll do it. " Que Huang 'er's eyes flickered with a strange light. "However, I also hope to obtain benefits." "Us sisters can share the Heavenly Demon Book."

Que Ying 'er said, "Sisters are of one mind, and their sharpness can cut through metal. The Heavenly Demon Book can turn into a Heavenly Demon Kingdom, and there are many demon souls for us to devour. There are also countless treasures inside.

We sisters can share as much as we want, and we can also refine that Black Tortoise. Water and fire complement each other. " "Will Li Wanlong forcefully take away the Heavenly Demon Book?" Que Huang 'er asked.

"No, he is also cultivating a secret art in seclusion to explore the mysteries of the Heavenly Dao. He is also closely deducing what the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is doing. Moreover, that Barbarian Saint and the barbarian evil gods are only sealed and not dead. If he wants to use this opportunity to refine those existences, he must make many arrangements.

In the battle between the Heavenly Dao and the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, he will use the Heavenly Talisman Emperor to gain an advantage. "

Que Ying 'er said, "We are now collecting the faith of these barbarians and preparing to open the Heavenly Demon Book."

Que Ying 'er said, "I have already reached an agreement with Wu Dangkong and Ancient Mystical Sand Gu Tanjian to divide the Calming Immortal Department.

Needless to say, Gu Tanjian's power is simply world-shaking, but Ancient Mystical Sand is also unfathomable. His cultivation is not below Big Sister's. "

Que Huang 'er frowned. "Among the sons of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, Gu Huasha's aptitude is the highest, but Ancient Mystical Sand is the most mysterious. He is not in the imperial court and roams everywhere. I didn't expect him to have such a fortuitous encounter." "I will find a time to meet this person personally."

Que Ying 'er sneered. "I think this person can be refined into a puppet to work for me. However, it is better to contact them first."

"That Wu Dangkong has been capturing barbarians, demonic apes, and many other living beings. I don't know what he wants, but he seems to want to refine souls? What kind of demonic technique does he cultivate? "Que Huang 'er said.

"Eager for instant benefits, this girl is simply a lunatic. I don't know why the Heavenly Talisman Emperor chose her to oversee the empire. If he chose Gu Chensha or even Lou Baiyue, the world would be united. How would the barbarians and demonic apes have a chance?" Que Ying 'er frowned. "I really don't know what the Heavenly Talisman Emperor wants to do." "We just have to follow our plan." Que Huang 'er said. "Big Sister, how is your realm now?

Not long ago, you finally stepped into the 20th transformation of the Dao Realm, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence. Now that you are trying to break through to the 21st transformation, how is your body transforming into the five elements? As long as you succeed, you will be able to use the Connate Five Saint Secret Technique. "

"I am still lacking a little. I can only turn into flames now and can't change between the five elements to form a cycle.

Moreover, turning into flames is a divine ability that comes with the Vermillion Bird bloodline. I have yet to comprehend this secret. "Que Ying 'er shook her head.

As she spoke, her entire body turned into a ball of flames. In the depths of the flames, a Vermillion Bird could be faintly seen. The flames were scorching hot and could instantly vaporize any metal or soil.

"Amazing, this girl has already touched the realm of the 21st transformation."

Gu Chensha secretly calculated. "With my current cultivation, I'm afraid I won't be able to gain any advantage against her. If she was still at the 19th transformation, I might be able to kill her. Moreover, there's still this Que Huang 'er. She's not easy to deal with. Now that the two sisters are stirring up trouble, I can make use of them. Since I know the secret of the Vermillion Bird's egg, I might be able to refine the Vermillion Bird. This matter still depends on Zhuge Ya's intelligence." He immediately told this secret to Zhuge Ya. He told him to send someone to buy the Vermillion Bird's egg and observe Que Ying 'er's reaction. Then, he hid here and watched Que Ying 'er cultivate. Gu Chensha was also extremely patient. He waited quietly at the side.

After a full four hours, Que Ying 'er's body suddenly trembled and she transformed back into her human form. Her face was filled with joy. "The Vermillion Bird's egg has been bought by the Celestial Tranquility Department. This is a great opportunity. We can prepare here right now. " "How do we prepare?" Que Huang 'er asked.

"I've absorbed so much faith here just for this moment."

Que Ying 'er stood up. "Immediately gather the hundreds of thousands of barbarians here and let them increase the power of faith. When Gu Chensha activates the Vermillion Bird's egg, I'll execute a secret art and kill all these barbarians. Then, I'll gather a huge amount of resentment and soul energy. With the power of faith and wish that I've painstakingly accumulated, I'll be able to turn the activated Vermillion Bird into my own will in an instant. I'll then tear apart Gu Chensha's consciousness and devour his primordial spirit, taking away everything he has."

"This method is indeed terrifying. She's gathered such a long period of faith, in addition to the hundreds of thousands of barbarians' vengeful souls. She's activated the secret art at the same time and combined it with the arrangements in the Vermillion Bird's egg. If I'm caught off guard and lose the protection of the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree, there's a ninety percent chance that this plan will succeed.

This woman's method is truly vicious. Fortunately, I planned before I acted. Even when I encountered the Vermillion Bird's egg, I wasn't blinded by greed. Instead, I observed the changes. As expected, I found out the scheme within. This time, I can beat her at her own game. "

With Gu Chensha's own calculation ability, Zhuge Ya's calculation, and Lou Baiyue's divine abilities, he would fight with Que Ying 'er to see if the Demon Saint behind her, Li Wanlong, was really powerful.

At this moment, just as Gu Chensha was hiding and observing the two sisters' movements, Zhuge Ya and Lou Baiyue had already bought the Vermillion Bird's egg back in his castle.

Now, the Vermillion Bird's egg was placed on the altar in the depths of the ground. The Black Tortoise baby's eyes darted around as he looked at it.

"Mister Zhuge, I didn't expect that Que Ying 'er would scheme against us again. How do you think we should beat her at her own game?" asked Lou Baiyue.

"This is no small matter. Perhaps Demon Saint Li Wanlong is supporting her."

Zhuge Ya wasn't happy at all. "The Ape Tribe and the Barbarian Tribe are pressing on our borders. They'll attack at any moment. The Hongyun Games, the National Fate Party, and the Scenic Objects Chamber of Commerce have formed an alliance to deal with the Celestial Tranquility Department. The Immortal Dao Sect is eyeing us covetously, and the Great Might Dynasty is watching us closely. Things aren't looking good. Perhaps our current changes are all part of Li Wanlong's calculations. " "Then we'll scheme against Li Wanlong!"

Lou Baiyue thought quickly. "Mister Zhuge is the Lord of Seven Stars. His wisdom is extraordinary, and he's the leader of the Sages. He must be confident."

"I haven't completely fused with the Seven Star Profound Truths. Right now, I can only be considered half a Lord of Seven Stars. Let me divine a thing or two."

Zhuge Ya circulated his divine abilities. Starlight gathered in front of him, forming a diagram that depicted everyone's future after hatching the Vermillion Bird's egg.

Thousands of future calculations revolved, and finally, they exploded. Zhuge Ya's eyes were bleeding.

"Mister Zhuge, are you alright?" Lou Baiyue hurriedly transmitted her Innate astral energy to him.

"I'm fine. I saw too much of the future, and the Heavenly Dao backfired."

Zhuge Ya waved his hand. "Right now, we can beat her at her own game. We can use the Heavenly Demon Tome to backfire on the Vermillion Bird's egg." "How do we do that?" Lou Baiyue knew that her wisdom was inferior to Zhuge Ya's.

"The Heavenly Demon Tome has the sleeping soul of Gouchen suppressing all the Fiends. Later, when the Vermillion Bird's egg is activated, we can send it into the Heavenly Demon Tome. The activated Vermillion Bird's egg will devour the Fiend's soul wantonly to deal with the Divine Beast. Furthermore, with Que Ying 'er and Li Wanlong's schemes, the seal on the Heavenly Demon Tome will loosen completely. We can watch them fight each other and reap the benefits." Zhuge Ya thought of an excellent plan. ..... Divine Strategy Battalion's Dragon Talisman Moon Worshipping Pavilion 499690348 Divine Strategy Battalion's Dragon Talisman Heavenly Secrets Pavilion 347526179 Divine Strategy Battalion's Dragon Talisman All Sacred Halls 498796571