Chapter 1012
============

Number 1,009 The Strongest Dynasty Number 1,009 The Strongest Dynasty

"Gu Chensha, you're going too far!"

Zhang Ziran was infuriated that Gu Chensha had forced him off his throne. He suddenly made a move, and a Midman Dimensional Realm appeared in his palm, which he sent hurtling toward Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha didn't even look at it. He simply waved his hand.

Instantly, the Midman Dimensional Realm flew back, transformed into a sphere, and pressed down on top of Zhang Ziran's head.

"Kneel!" Gu Chensha only said two words. RUMBLE!

Zhang Ziran couldn't help but fall to his knees. The former ruler of the mortal world, and the current emperor of the Great Dynasty, was kneeling just like that.

"I refuse to accept this!"

Zhang Ziran was just about to shout, but then he saw Fa Wuxian, who had turned into a human head and a dog's body. His jaw dropped.

"That's Fa Wuxian! How did he become like this? Fa Wuxian's destiny is about the same as mine. That's why I feel so pressured to subjugate all the ancestors and kill Fa Wuxian." Zhang Ziran's roar came to an abrupt halt.

"Everyone, I am Gu Chensha."

Gu Chensha sat upright on the throne in front of all the ancestors, as well as all the civil and military officials of the Great Dynasty. "I'm going to unify the mortal world, and everyone will submit to me. There's no question about it. Those who don't will end up like Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God. Don't you agree, Emperor Of Heaven?"

Emperor Of Heaven bowed his head respectfully. "That's right. Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God will suffer the most excruciating torture, and be consigned to eternal damnation. They'll beg for death, but they won't be able to.

Everyone, if you don't want to be humiliated by Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God, then follow my orders. " "Emperor Of Heaven, you're a supreme paragon. I can't believe you'd yield."

Suddenly, Wu Dangkong's voice came from the Ancestor of Magic again. "It seems that not only can you not be the Emperor Of Heaven, you can't even be an ordinary person. You have lost the self-respect that you should have. From now on, you are no longer the famous Emperor Of Heaven. You are even more cowardly than Fa Wuxian." Wu Dangkong was so angry that he almost roared again and again.

"Is that so?" Gu Chensha grabbed out. Instantly, a shadow was pulled out from the body of the Ancestor of Magic.

Next, the shadow condensed into Wu Dangkong's body, then twisted and contorted until it was a mare with the head of a human and the body of a horse.

"Wan Senshi has become a horse," Gu Chensha said. "Now that you've become a horse, you can go pull the carriage. That's a good idea. Where is Yuhuan Lu?" "Your subordinate is here."

Space opened up, and a carriage appeared in the hall. The horse pulling the carriage was none other than Wan Senshi. However, he was still cursing and swearing. Every time he cursed, Yuhuan Lu viciously lashed out with her whip. Smack!

Instantly, Wan Senshi's flesh was lacerated, and it was difficult for him to heal. A rancid odor emanated from him. Wan Senshi screamed in pain. Compared to the time he had tied Yuhuan Lu to a pillar, he was in a much more miserable state. Furthermore, right now, Wan Senshi would never be able to free himself.

"Put Wu Dangkong on the carriage as well. It'll be better to have two horses pulling the carriage. In the future, when we roam the human world, we'll let all the experts see what happens to those who don't submit."

Gu Chensha had changed his calm demeanor for thousands of years. When he was truly domineering, he was sending a signal to everyone. Those who submit will prosper, and those who oppose will perish.

"Yes!" In an instant, a rope was wrapped around Wu Dangkong's neck. Wu Dangkong was placed side by side with Wan Senshi, and was now a horse pulling the carriage.

"NO!"

Wu Dangkong howled once more, but Yuhuan Lu didn't hold back. She directly lashed out with her whip, causing Wu Dangkong to tear up from the pain.

"Everyone, what do you think?"

Gu Chensha circled around, "From today onwards, the Great Dynasty no longer exists, and will be replaced by the Great Yongchō. In the entire world, there is only one Great Yongchō. All other powers must be disintegrated. The human world will be truly unified, and this chaotic world will be ended. " "Mister Gu Chensha, you're going too far." At this time, a subject stepped forward and spoke.

This subject was one of the many civil and military officials. He wasn't an ancestor, but a Sky Yuan expert.

He was wearing a scholarly robe, and appeared to be refined and scholarly. He naturally had a graceful bearing.

"Scholar Li, don't speak nonsense."

By now, Zhang Ziran understood that Gu Chensha's influence was unstoppable. When he heard his former subordinate speak, he turned pale with fright.

"Human Ancestor, you used to be the emperor, but now you've been ousted. However, you should be fighting for what's right. Our Confucian Sect values righteousness, and this Gu Chensha is going too far. Killing people is just a matter of nodding your head to the ground. If you want to kill someone, just do it. But humiliating others like this is no longer what a benevolent and righteous monarch should be. Our Confucian Sect's number one disciple won't agree. " "Who is this person?" Gu Chensha intentionally asked Zhang Ziran.

"Replying to Your Majesty."

Zhang Ziran had seen the fates of Wu Dangkong, Fa Wuxian, and The Great Spirit God. He had also seen the Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha and the Emperor Of Heaven bow their heads in submission. He knew that if he continued to be stubborn, his fate would be even more miserable than Fa Wuxian's, so he quickly changed his role. "This Scholar Li is a disciple of the Confucian Ancestor. He came out of seclusion to assist His Majesty in the imperial court. He is an upright and outspoken person, and he upholds the righteous path of the Confucian Sect. He has done many things for His Majesty in the imperial court. " "Then how do you think we should deal with this person?" Gu Chensha asked Zhang Ziran.

Zhang Ziran pleaded, "Honest words are unpleasant to the ear. I feel that Your Majesty should let this Scholar Li go." "Is that so?

That's fine. "Gu Chensha turned to the Emperor Of Heaven and said," Emperor Of Heaven, what do you think we should do about this matter?

On the first day of my ascension, this person actually said that I am not worthy of my position and cannot unify the human world. If it were you, what would you do? "

"Exterminate his entire sect, execute his ten thousand clans, sever his bloodline, behead his descendants, and banish his soul to the Nine Underworlds, never to reincarnate."

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "Supreme authority cannot be blasphemed. The Emperors of the human world are good at accepting advice. It is understandable to say that honest words are unpleasant to the ear because the Emperors of the human world are human and have imperfections. Therefore, they need the advice of their subjects. However, the Emperor Of Heaven represents the truth and has no mistakes. Right now, Your Majesty is the same. You represent the operation of the Heavenly Dao and are supreme. Anyone who opposes you is going against the Heavenly Dao. Since the situation is different, the way of doing things is also different. " "That's good." Gu Chensha nodded. "Since that's the case, I'll leave this matter to you." "Yes." The Emperor Of Heaven flew out like a bat and grabbed Li Ruzi like he was grabbing a chick.

"Gu Chensha, you're going against the grain. It's only your first day as the Emperor, yet you dare to act like this? You're not a benevolent ruler, you're a devil!" Li Ruzi refused to admit defeat. But as the Emperor Of Heaven exerted force, his voice came to a screeching halt.

"Emperor Of Heaven, it seems like you've completely submitted to me. Very good." Gu Chensha said, "Since that's the case, come forward and receive the conferment."

"Yes." The Emperor Of Heaven killed the talkative Li Ruzi and knelt on the ground as he listened to Gu Chensha's conferment.

"I've re-established the Yongchō and also conferred an ancestor.

An ancestor is equivalent to a king. His position is illustrious, and he can handle matters for the imperial court. "

Gu Chensha said, "Originally, Wu Dangkong called herself the Ancestor of Heaven, but she's just messing around. She doesn't know what her status is. Now, I will confer you the title of Ancestor of Heaven." "Thank you, Your Majesty." The Emperor Of Heaven quickly kowtowed.

At this time, the Dharma Saint Spell Ancestor saw the situation and sighed. He knew that the situation was hopeless.

"Dharma Saint, why are you sighing?" Gu Chensha turned his head and asked.

"I'm sighing. After so long, the cauldron has finally been settled, and you, Gu Chensha, have won. From now on, no one in the world will resist you." The Dharma Saint wasn't afraid of death and spoke his mind.

"Very well. Will you submit or not?" Gu Chensha asked.

"People under eaves have no choice but to lower their heads." The Dharma Saint said, "I can only submit." "That's good."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. Immediately, his original subjects, Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, the Martial Saint, Zhuge Ya, Jin Suibo, and the others all arrived.

"The Fourth, why are you doing this?" After appearing, Lou Baiyue looked at Gu Huasha and said, "After going around in a circle, we're back to square one." Hearing Lou Baiyue's words, the Fourth Gu Huasha could only remain silent.

"The establishment of the Yongchō, the unification of the human world, has only one goal."

Gu Chensha said, "That is to let all living beings comprehend the key points of the Dragonless Mantra. Even the weakest of them, if they comprehend the key points of the Dragonless Mantra, they won't need to absorb any energy from the human world or even the universe. They can be self-sufficient and cultivate on their own, gradually developing their own spirit force."

"Chensha, now even ordinary people can comprehend the key points of the Dragonless Mantra?" Lou Baiyue said, "Your Dragonless Mantra has improved again?"

"That's right. For example, if an ordinary person bitterly comprehended and cultivated, and suddenly comprehended the key points of the Dragonless Mantra, his strength wouldn't increase, but he wouldn't need to eat or drink, nor would he need to absorb spiritual energy. He wouldn't even need to rely on any materials in the myriad worlds. Just like that, he could continuously develop his spirit force and cultivate, finally achieving great results."

Gu Chensha said, "In the past, my Dragonless Mantra was actually too profound for all living beings. Even Sky Origin Realm and Heaven Realm couldn't comprehend it.

Moreover, the comprehension of this realm was completely based on a flash of inspiration, there was no pattern to be found.

But now it's different, I have truly combed through the Dragonless Mantra and sorted out the pattern. As long as they cultivate according to this pattern, even ordinary people can comprehend it. " "If that's the case, I'm afraid the structure of the world will truly change." Lou Baiyue said.

"Right now, it's already starting to change."

Gu Chensha said, "If everyone in the human world comprehended the Dragonless Mantra, then all living beings wouldn't be vermin, but the creators of the heaven and earth. They can use their spirit force to not only maintain their own survival, they can also continuously expand the heaven and earth."

When everyone heard Gu Chensha's words, they felt that a new era had truly arrived. The rules of the universe would all change.

In the past, anyone who was born would be plundered and consumed. But now, if the Dragonless Mantra became the norm, then everyone who was born would contribute to the heaven and earth. If the world continued to develop like this, what kind of situation would it be?