Chapter 710
===========

At the end of the day, the Martial Emperor was also a member of the Wu family.

The "Yang Wu Mountain", "Yuan Wu Mountain", "True Martial Mountain", "Martial Transformation Mountain", and "Extreme Martial Mountain" were the foundations of the Wu Clan. Now that he was the actual controller of the Wu Clan, if the five mountains were given to him, he could definitely go one step further and become the foundation of suppressing the Wu Province.

These five mountains towered in the center of the Martial Province, shaped like a palm that seemed to support the heavens. This kind of momentum represented the glory of the Wu family.

In truth, this was more like an array. In the most critical moment, the palm formed by the five mountains would be used by all members of the Wu family to activate the power left behind by the Martial Saint in ancient times and the Wu family's Minor Chiliocosm. It could even release power to temporarily resist a Heavenly Venerate's attack. Now, all of this had fallen into the hands of the Imperial Court.

Although the Martial Saint's Paradise still existed, the Minor Chiliocosm that was separated from the five mountains was like water without a root. It would be difficult for it to achieve anything great.

It must be known that the disciples of the Wu family born in the Minor Chiliocosm could not compare to the disciples born in the Divine Mainland.

Since ancient times, the most powerful figures in the world had basically been born in the Divine Mainland.

Even the 72 sects of the Immortal Dao had to come to the Divine Central Continent to recruit disciples. Otherwise, they would slowly weaken and not produce any talents.

Any disciple born in the Divine Central Continent would always have a unique temperament and power. As long as they awakened, they would develop some mysterious power and comprehension. This was a legend that had been passed down for tens of thousands of years.

Therefore, if the Wu family did not establish a foundation in the Divine Mainland and only relied on the Minor Chiliocosm, they could still hold on for a short period of time. But as time passed, they would slowly weaken.

The Martial Emperor wanted to take back the five mountains of the Wu family, but he restrained himself. He knew that with his own strength, it was impossible to accomplish this.

Even Wan Senshi, who supported him, would probably be in danger and would have to wait for an opportunity.

The Martial Emperor did not ignore everything while cultivating in seclusion. He knew all the big news, such as the Dharma Saint suffering a great loss at the hands of Gu Chensha, and Wan Senshi's New Divine Land had been plundered by Gu Chensha, causing him to lose all face.

Gu Chensha's current strength could dominate the Divine Mainland, even the Four Wilds, and every plane and world.

With such momentum, even if he became a Celestial Venerable, he would not be able to defeat the Tranquil Immortal Department.

"The Wu Province was the place where I was born, and also the place where I originated. Using this place as my foundation, I raised my army and swept through the ninety-nine provinces, finally unifying the world, establishing my great cause and establishing the Great Wu Empire. Unfortunately, it's impossible to control the Martial Province today. " Martial Emperor walked into Martial Prefecture City and observed the city's atmosphere.

Originally, Wuzhou City had an extremely tall city wall, which was built by Emperor Wu himself. It was built with molten iron and boulders, which could resist the invasion of the chaotic army. It could be said to be impregnable, but now, all of them had been demolished. Wuzhou City had no city walls, and instead, some high-rise buildings rose from the ground.

Wu Zhou City had been expanded several times, and the roads were extremely wide. They were all paved with stone mud. The hardness of the stone mud was close to that of steel. Even if a sword were to cut it, it would leave a slight mark on it.

In the distance, there were many huge steel tracks extending into the distance. Occasionally, huge steel carriages spewing intense flames could be seen. They looked like centipedes as they whizzed along the steel tracks at shocking speed.

Apart from that, there were also large spaceships and airships taking off and landing in the sky, carrying people into the distance.

The city was very lively. There was an endless stream of horses and carriages, and even the ordinary people were strong and powerful. Men and women worshiped martial arts, and everyone's faces were full of vigor and vitality, making the entire city very lively and prosperous. Apart from that, one could see Dao Realm experts on the streets at any time.

Over the years, there had been more and more Dao Realm experts among the people of Yongchō. However, they were not overflowing, as the population base was also expanding.

The Tranquil Immortal Department had implemented a birth control policy, and it was continuously carried out. The population had exploded, and there were many newborns every year. Moreover, these newborns were well taken care of by the Tranquil Immortal Department. They were educated, nurtured, learned, and cultivated.

After a few more decades, when the newborns grew up and the people of the world changed, the ideals of the Tranquil Immortal Department would be firmly established. They would be deeply rooted and could no longer be shaken. Buzz … A few people wearing iron armor descended from the sky.

Their armor spat out flames and they drew long tails in the sky. Their speed far exceeded that of cultivators who had reached the seventh transformation. Just in terms of flying speed, they were comparable to cultivators at the ninth transformation, the Glass Body.

They landed lightly on the square in the city. The iron armor on their bodies started to shrink, turning into an iron box that they carried on their backs.

"This is the Violent Steel Battle Armor produced by the Celestial Designer Department. It is purely powered by machinery and doesn't use any techniques or spiritual power.

Although it isn't as good as the Human Dragon Armor, it is cheap. As long as I work hard to save money, I will be able to buy such armor sooner or later. "

"Right, this armor's defense is really tough and it flies really fast. When we face the Demon Race, we can activate it. Along with guns, we can kill demons below the fifth transformation."

"These few people are disciples of the big families in the city. They bought the Violent Steel Battle Armor and went out to kill the Demon Race. It seems like they have gained a lot. Didn't some wandering devils appear in a village hundreds of kilometers away a few days ago? It seems like they have been wiped out by them. " "Looking at how arrogant they are, they must have obtained many benefits.

The Demon Race's entire body is precious and even demonic energy can be used as fertilizer. Moreover, the Demon Race's souls can be refined into many treasures and pills. "

"Look at that kid. He was lazy and had no talent in martial arts, but he actually bought some Genetic Evolution Medicine from the Celestial Designer Department and injected it into him. He became an expert comparable to someone at the third transformation. The Celestial Designer Department's medicine is really amazing."

"But I heard that anyone who injected that Genetic Evolution Medicine would have their meridians and dantian destroyed. They wouldn't be able to absorb spiritual energy and wouldn't be able to cultivate. This means that if they want to improve in the future, they have to buy higher-grade Genetic Evolution Medicine. This means that their cultivation path will be in the hands of the Celestial Designer Department. They won't be able to become the strongest by themselves."

"Forget it. Of course that is the case, but think about it. It is extremely difficult to cultivate to the Dao Realm, much less the three transformations. How much hard work does one have to put in? How much mental torture and how much comprehension does one have to go through? One even has to have a lot of luck to reach such a realm. How can it be as simple as injecting it? "

"That makes sense. I don't have money, but if I did, I would buy the Genetic Evolution Medicine and reach the third transformation. Then, I would kill the Demon Race to exchange for wealth and then buy the next stage of medicine."

"The things that the Celestial Designer Department created are really cheap. Calming Xian Department's things are good, but they are too expensive."

"Calming Xian Department has been creating some mechanical weapons, but they aren't as exquisite as the ones from the Celestial Designer Department. Let's take a look first.

The world is still controlled by Calming Xian Department. Our Wuzhou Governor Han Wuqin's cultivation has reached the Dao Realm 18 Transformation Great Dao Golden Core Realm. His son-in-law Chang Wuqu is the reincarnation of Wuqu Star Lord and is one of the overlords in Calming Xian Department. Moreover, the Wu Family in Wuzhou has been chased out. With the help of the Common People's Commander, Han Wuqin has built many Common People's Wish Academies in Wuzhou. All the students have been taught by Calming Xian Department. " Many people were in deep discussion. All of these discussions fell into the Emperor Wu's heart. His heart sank deeper and deeper like it was about to fall into a bottomless abyss.

Originally, he came to travel among the common people for two reasons. The first was to obtain fortuitous encounters, and the second was to see what kind of opportunities he could find in this world. He wanted to bring about a wave of upheaval and make the Calming Immortal Department flustered. In this way, he could establish a great banner and once again restore the glory of a monarch who ruled over the world. But now, just looking at the people in Wuzhou, they were basically in despair.

Right now, the world was flourishing and there was no way for them to cause chaos. The management of Calming Xian Department ranged from the royal court to the grassroots level. Every county, every town, every village, every household had their own people.

As the Martial Emperor walked down the street, he looked at the shops around him. There were medicinal pills, weapons, armor, all sorts of food and drink, clothing, silk satin, and even books. There was also the school of the Celestial Calmness Department, where countless students practiced martial arts with great vigor. There were no beggars on the street, nor were there any hoodlums or gangs. There were no more underground gangs or evil cults.

Actually, no matter which dynasty or which city it was, there would always be beggars, hoodlums, underground gangs, and evil cults. But now, Yongchō basically no longer existed.

After Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor established his country, he first abolished the obscene worship and sealed the gods. After that, he purged the world. After the Calming Xian Department was established, he swept through the immortal, devil, and demon paths. After that, he ruthlessly suppressed the aristocratic families and used the Common People's Commander to manage the common people. Finally, the world became more and more unified, becoming an iron plate.

After a series of observations, as well as using the Qi Divination Art to observe the fate of the country, the Emperor Wu's heart had already turned cold.

"Emperor Wu, are you in despair?" At this moment, a voice rang out in the Emperor Wu's ears.

The Emperor Wu turned around and saw a young man dressed like a scholar. He had a folding fan in his hand and exuded an indescribable sense of elegance.

"You!"

The Emperor Wu wanted to act, but he discovered that the world energy he secretly sent out seemed to have met with a majestic energy as vast as the sun and moon, completely dispelled.

"This humble one is Gu Tiansha. Could it be that Emperor Wu doesn't wish to chat with me?"

Important notice: This is a free app of this site. No advertisements, no errors, fast updates. Members can synchronize their bookshelves. Text size can be adjusted, reading brightness can be adjusted to provide a better reading experience. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader!