Chapter 289
===========

"Then what do we do now? Do we save up and exploit Gu Tanjian? "

Bao Ming 'er said, "I feel that he has many secrets on him. If we can obtain them, it will be very helpful for us to increase our strength."

"The main thing is to extract the Dragon Creation Pills from him," Gu Chensha said. "Right, we also have the secret of Xing Chen's reincarnation.

These are two talismans. Bring them to Gu Tanjian, and he will naturally know about Sky Crime and Earth Evil Twin Stars. Other than that, there are many other secrets that you can tell Gu Tanjian.

Including the matter of Gou Chen's Demon Soul in the Book of Heavenly Demons. We must extract as many Dragon Creation Pills from him as possible. "

"If Gu Tanjian learns about these secrets, will it be beneficial for us?" Bao Ming 'er knew that some trump cards had to be kept.

"It's fine. The more Gu Tanjian knows, the more careful he will be. He won't dare to act recklessly. Moreover, these reports are not all we have."

Gu Chensha had his own ideas. "If we can obtain more Dragon Creation Pills from him, my strength will increase to an unbelievable level."

For humans, one Dragon Creation Pill was enough. Swallowing more wouldn't have much effect. However, Gu Chensha was different. The Dragon Gate could swallow many Dragon Creation Pills. The more Dragon Creation Pills, the better.

No one knew how many Dragon Creation Pills Gu Tanjian had, or how many The Great Spirit God behind him had. Gu Tanjian was easy to deal with, but The Great Spirit God behind him was very difficult.

Moreover, from the information obtained from Bao Ming 'er, Gu Tanjian did have an existence stronger than The Great Spirit God behind him. In addition, Gu Tanjian's hidden strength was also more or less revealed.

"I will impart many of my cultivation techniques to you. This way, you will have more capital to contend with Gu Tanjian."

Gu Chensha had originally hired Bao Ming 'er to be his teacher, but now that he had encountered many miraculous encounters, his insight and knowledge far surpassed Bao Ming' er's.

From Gu Huo's memories, he had obtained the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor's knowledge and cultivation. After that, he had interacted with Tai Mengdi, obtained the Book of Heavenly Demon, and received the supreme profound meaning imparted by Wen Hong. With all sorts of experiences, coupled with his own comprehension and hard work in reading, his knowledge was no less than that of many old antiques.

Not only that, Lou Baiyue's knowledge seemed to be even richer. She had received the teachings of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, and when the two of them worked together, they could corroborate each other's knowledge and gain even more.

At this moment, Bao Ming 'er was already a peerless genius. His thinking ability and comprehension ability were incomparable to before. Gu Chensha imparted the various divine powers in the Book of Skydemon, as well as the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art.

At this moment, Bao Ming 'er felt that Gu Chensha's Primordial Spirit was as vast as a giant god. He felt that his Primordial Spirit was not something he could compare to.

Bao Ming 'er's own Primordial Spirit was not worth mentioning in front of Gu Chensha's Primordial Spirit. It was like an ant on the ground looking at a giant roc in the sky. Rumble!

Bao Ming 'er's aura soared. Many thoughts and cultivation techniques appeared in his mind, as though he had the ability to be reborn.

"Peerless geniuses are also divided into different levels. The real peerless geniuses are those who can comprehend their own Dao, cultivate their own fist arts, and find the most suitable cultivation path for themselves. These peerless geniuses are the most terrifying. Now, you have to accumulate all sorts of knowledge and finally brew your own thing.

When that time comes, your strength will increase by several times, or even ten times. "Gu Chensha was guiding Bao Ming 'er. Now that Bao Ming 'er had joined the Calm Celestial Division, he was a capable general.

Within the Calm Celestial Division, apart from Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and the Fourth, there were Liu Yu, Long Zaifei, Lou Baiyue, and Jin Suibo. With Bao Ming 'er, they would be much more efficient in the future.

"Let's go, let's head back to the land. Cultivate well, and in three days, you will be able to grasp it. Then, you will be able to bait Gu Tanjian."

Gu Chensha used the Dragon Gate and instantly disappeared. In the next moment, he landed in his own land. He told Bao Ming 'er to comprehend and cultivate while he went to find Lou Baiyue to explain the matter in detail.

Lou Baiyue was comprehending the mysteries of the Great Massacre God Technique and thinking about his Golden Core.

After cultivating to the Dao Realm 18 Transformation and the Great Dao Golden Core, one needed to slowly reach the Golden Core Realm. Then, it would affect one's body and change one's bloodline. One's body would become unbelievably big and small. This transformation was really tough and many experts found it hard to break through.

If one's cultivation wasn't good, one's body would explode and their cultivation would be destroyed. One could only use the Golden Core to fly out and find a new body. But how would the new body be as good as the original one?

"Did the plan succeed?" Lou Baiyue saw Gu Chensha walk over and opened her eyes to ask.

Gu Chensha recounted Bao Ming 'er's experience. "I realized that the Dragon Creation Elixir is extremely beneficial to the Dragon Sect. If the Dragon Sect and the Buzhou Palace combine and become one treasure, then even if we don't have the Book of Heavenly Demons, we can still protect the Tranquil Immortal Department and Zhuge Ya."

"Dragon Gate creates and nurtures dragons. They have supreme strength. Unfortunately, I didn't get the Dragon Creation Pill from Tian Zixu's tomb, otherwise, I would be able to help you."

Lou Baiyue said, "It is really tough to break the Sky Monster Book. So, I underestimated this book. If the book didn't have the North Star Continent's will, with our current cultivation, even if we can't activate it, we can open the inner space and take out the treasure. But the North Star Continent is the ancestor of all monsters, so we can't let our guard down. " "What did Aunt Hu say?" Gu Chensha asked.

"We can't believe a single word of this nine-tailed fox. No matter what she says, we can't listen to it. Don't believe it. Just extract her from the book and refine her Essence Soul. Then, we'll naturally know many secrets of the Book of Heaven Fey." Lou Baiyue said.

"Unfortunately, my cultivation is dragging me down. I have only reached the 14th Transformation of Dao Realm, so I can't keep up with you. If I can form the Great Dao Golden Core and merge our two cores, along with the Black Tortoise Baby and the Fourth, we won't even care about Aunt Hu." Gu Chensha knew that his soul wasn't strong enough.

"Let's do it step by step. Don't be impatient. Your cultivation speed is already really quick. Thinking back to when you were 14 years old, you weren't even a warrior. Now, at 18 years old, you are already at the 14th Transformation of Dao Realm. With your own strength, you can kill Great Dao Golden Core experts with a flick of your fingers. This is already a rare speed." Lou Baiyue said, "If I fight you now, I probably won't be your match."

Lou Baiyue had formed the Great Dao Golden Core and was really strong. But if she fought Gu Chensha, she might not be able to win.

Of course, this was because Lou Baiyue didn't have any treasures. Gu Chensha had Dragon Gate and Buzhou Palace. In the depths of Dragon Gate, he also had 360 Heaven Repairing God Generals who were at the 11th Transformation of Dao Realm. Now, Gu Chensha's Heaven Repairing God General had transformed once more and would advance soon. 360 Dao Realm Transformation 11 experts formed a formation. That was extremely terrifying. If he didn't use treasures, then Gu Chensha wouldn't be Lou Baiyue's match.

"Let's go and see how Zhuge Ya's cultivation is going." Gu Chensha thought about it, "Our problem this time is to deal with Zhuge Ya's crisis."

Lou Baiyue said, "I want to send someone to inform Wu Dangkong to sell this report to her and get benefits from her. Then, she and Gu Tanjian will restrict one another. That way, we will be much safer." "That is a good method."

Lou Baiyue and him directly entered the depths of the cave. Below them were winding passageways that were all dug out by the Black Tortoise baby. It was unknown how deep it was. It was simply a maze, and there were even many great formations.

The Xuanwu Baby's skills were even above Fa Wuxian's and he was a true antique. With him there, many antiques didn't dare to head over. In the deepest part of the cave was a ball of starlight. Within the starlight was a person. That person was Zhuge Ya.

Zhuge Ya had obtained a deep cultivation technique. The Sky Demon Book, Ten Thousand Star Flying Celestial Technique, they were all Saint's wisdom. With his intelligence, he could comprehend them quickly. Along with Gu Chensha, this place was a true treasure land. The Xuanwu Baby had managed it for many years and who knew how many materials he had spent? It was no weaker than some of the caves in the 72 Mysterious Gates. His cultivation during these two months was just shocking.

Logically speaking, they were both born Saints, but Fa Wuxian couldn't compare to the Lord of Seven Star's Zhuge Ya. Be it cultivation speed, comprehension, divination, or hiding methods, he was much weaker.

Moreover, Zhuge Ya's destiny was to mess up the calculations of the heavens. Unless he appeared, no one would be able to find him.

"He actually formed a Yuan Soul." Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha looked at Zhuge Ya within the starlight and couldn't help but be shocked.

Last time, Zhuge Ya's cultivation was at the seventh transformation of the Dao Realm. Now, just two months had passed and he had formed a Yuan Soul. That was really terrifying.

The fourteenth transformation of the Dao Realm, the Yuan Soul left the body. This was Zhuge Ya's current cultivation. Honglong!

Boundless starlight appeared around Zhuge Ya, intertwining with each other. Shockingly, seven huge stars appeared above his head, which rotated around each other to form the handle of a dipper. Wherever the dipper pointed, bizarre and monstrous scenes of the future would appear.

"What a strong Yuan Soul. He hasn't merged with the seven-star profoundness, but the strength of his Yuan Soul is already far above mine. If he truly merged with the seven-star profoundness, how strong would he be?" Gu Chensha saw through the intricacies of it.

Gu Chensha's Yuan Soul was really strong. Normally speaking, a cultivator at the eighteenth transformation of the Dao Realm could only use their Yuan Soul to do eight to nine thousand things at once. At most, they could do ten thousand things at once. But he was only at the fourteenth transformation and could do ten thousand things at once.

This meant that his Yuan Soul was ten times stronger than an eighteen -transformation Golden Core cultivator. Now, Zhuge Ya's Yuan Soul was probably doing hundreds of thousands of things at once.

And this was before he merged with the seven-star profoundness. If he did, wouldn't he be doing millions of things at once? Ten million at once? What would happen then?

"That isn't surprising. If you don't use the Dragon Gate to fight him, you won't be his match. He is at the same realm as you." Lou Baiyue said, "After all, he is stronger than Fa Wuxian, so it is understandable."

Gu Chensha had personally witnessed how strong Fa Wuxian was. Now, he didn't even have the ability to fight him. If Zhuge Ya was stronger than Fa Wuxian, then he didn't know how to deduce it. ..... God Machine Battalion 498796571 God Machine Battalion 499690348 God Machine Battalion 347526179