Chapter 434
===========

Gu Chensha did not want to think about the matters of the three great Empyreans.

Since he couldn't interfere in this matter, he would just do what he could and accumulate it step by step. Sooner or later, he would achieve supreme success.

Right now, the three Heavenly Venerables were plotting to infiltrate the Hong Meng Tree in an attempt to obtain the authority of the Hong Meng Tree. Moreover, the Divine Realm experts under them were all participating in this matter, so it was very likely that they couldn't be distracted. Since this was the case, it was the best time for Gu Chensha to go on a killing spree. He would cut off the many wings left behind by the three Heavenly Venerables in one fell swoop.

Of course, Gu Chensha still wasn't in a hurry to make a move. Instead, he was still observing from the shadows. He couldn't just listen to Dou Nineteen's side of the story.

He had to carefully analyze the situation and observe the changes. Once he was certain that he had grasped many secrets and understood Dou Nineteen's background, he could capture and kill him in one fell swoop.

This boy had a lot of magic treasures on him and a lot of trump cards. It would not be easy to kill him, especially since it was very likely that he had talismans and other things left behind by the three Empyreans.

Therefore, Gu Chensha felt that he had to steal these things first before suppressing them. Only then would he be absolutely safe.

He was in no hurry. This was a battle of wits and courage. No matter how strong Dou Nineteen was, he would definitely be able to find an opening.

"You guys should hide here and wait for an opportunity to strike."

Dou Nineteen issued an order. "I'm going somewhere else to kill some living beings, set up an altar, and communicate with my father. Before I return, don't do anything rash. Understood?"

"Yes, we will listen to Senior Brother's instructions." Li Rongguang flew away and once again hid in the depths of the Baoyu Kingdom's Yu Huang. Dou Nineteen waved her sleeves and flew away.

Gu Chensha immediately used his powerful concealment techniques to follow Dou Nineteen. He didn't let up and just followed Dou Nineteen to see what he was up to. Dou Nineteen flew toward the Divine Continent.

In less than two hours, they had flown over the ocean and reached the Divine Land. Then, they passed through many states and provinces and flew to the center of the Divine Land, the Sin State. They arrived at the place where the seal of the Bottomless Sea of Sin was broken. Whoosh! He directly passed through the broken seal and entered the Infernal domain.

"Could it be that this kid also wants to establish an altar in the devilish territory to kill devils? Build an altar and communicate with the three Heavenly Venerables? "

Gu Chensha thought about it and agreed with him. Only in the Demon's Domain would there be countless souls. No matter how brutal Dou Nineteen was, he would not dare to carry out a large-scale massacre in the Endless Mainland. Only by venturing deep into the Demon's Domain and slaying the Demon's Souls would there be a possibility of communication.

Even though Dou Nineteen was the son of the three great Empyreans, if he wanted to communicate with them and ask for something, he would have to go through a sacrificial ritual. Otherwise, the three great Empyreans would have countless sons, descendants, and disciples. If they didn't set some rules, wouldn't it be a complete mess?

This was the same as the imperial court. Even the son of the emperor couldn't have an endless supply of resources. He had to make contributions and manage his own business. At most, he could borrow some influence.

Back then, Gu Chensha was miserable. If he hadn't gotten the Sacrificial Decree, he would probably still be struggling and doing nothing.

At the entrance of the seal, there was still a huge Nethermetal Fortress. One after another, they were still under construction. Endless Demonic Qi was gathering in the War Fortress. Billions of devils were chanting the Great Mahākāśyapa to gather Demonic Qi. Other than turning into demonic images, the Demonic Qi that rolled in the air also turned into Demonic Dragons that danced in the air. These Demonic Dragons weren't living beings, but their lethality was comparable to that of a Dharmic Power Realm expert.

Millions of Nethermetal Fortresses were united. Billions, billions, or even billions of devils were chanting the Great Mahākāśyapa at the same time. Even if Dou Nineteen were to see it, he wouldn't dare to take it lightly.

Not to mention Dou Nineteen, even if a God level expert were to come and get caught in it, he would probably die.

That was because there would definitely be Demon God level experts within the Nethermetal Fortresses.

Dou Nineteen avoided the Nethermetal Fortresses and flew deeper into the Demon Region. Naturally, Gu Chensha was hot on his heels, not letting his guard down in the slightest bit.

However, looking at the Nethermetal Fortresses, Lin Fan was secretly startled. If this were to continue, the Nethermetal Fortresses would truly block up the entire seal. By then, even he wouldn't be able to get in. They flew for an entire day and night.

Dou Nineteen seemed to have truly entered the depths of the Demon Region. His speed was extremely fast. Thankfully, Gu Chensha was able to keep up.

The number of devils in the depths of the Demon Region was increasing gradually as well. There were black Demon Mountains everywhere. Beneath the Demon Mountains, there were Demon Springs. There were also many plants and fruits of the Demon Region that could be used as food for the Demon race. One by one, the Demon race tribes were scattered all over the Demon Mountains. There were even battles between the tribes.

Of course, there were also some tribes that had migrated here. After receiving the summons of the Demon God, they headed to the broken seal and prepared to invade the Endless Mainland.

"This place is suitable for building an altar." Just then, Dou Nineteen found a Demon Mountain. Opening his mouth, he spat out a beam of golden light.

Immediately, the golden light spread out, forming a huge altar that was dozens of kilometers wide and as tall as a mountain.

"Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldier!"

Just then, Dou Nineteen took out a gourd. After opening the gourd, many beams of golden light shot out from within. These beams of golden light transformed into puppets wearing dragon robes. All of them had the aura of an emperor. These puppets had profound powers that far exceeded that of the Saint Dragon's Heavenly Soldier.

Gu Chensha took a look and realized that these Heavenly Soldiers were actually at the 22 Transformations of Dao Realm. They were at the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth Realm and could transform at will. This was the limit of puppets.

"This thing is called the Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldier?"

Gu Chensha was shocked. The Common Life God General that he had crafted could be considered a strong character among the puppets. However, compared to these Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers, they were still lacking. Who knew how these Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers were crafted? Right now, the Heavenly Demon Tree was unable to form such puppets.

But thinking about it, this was the son of three Heavenly Lords and an expert at the 25 Transformations of Dao Realm Undying Body. It wasn't surprising that he had spent so much effort to craft these Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers.

There were a total of 360 Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers, which matched the number of Heavenly Cycles.

"Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers, go and capture the demons!

Come to the altar! "Dou Nineteen sat on the altar that he had created and commanded the Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers.

In an instant, all of these Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers turned into a huge whirlwind with a radius of dozens of miles. Within the whirlwind, there were thunder and lightning, and with a thunderclap, they were far away from their potential.

"This is incredible. Each of these Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers is so strong!

They're so much stronger than Jing Fanxing. Doesn't that mean that Jing Fanxing can't even defeat a single puppet? "

At this moment, Gu Chensha finally realized how deep the foundations of the three Heavenly Lords were. It was definitely not something that the 72 Mystical Gates of the Immortal Dao could compare to.

Even the number one sect, the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, had to submit to the three Heavenly Lords. The entire immortal dao had to follow their lead, or they would be punished.

These Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers were already at the 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth, and could use their spiritual power to form huge whirlwinds of dark clouds and lightning. They moved as fast as lightning, sweeping over a tribe in the demon realm and swallowing thousands, or even tens of thousands, of monsters into the whirlwinds. Their essence blood and souls were transformed into crimson talismans.

These three hundred and sixty Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers turned into three hundred and sixty lightning tornadoes and thunderous explosions, flying everywhere and sweeping across the area with a radius of ten thousand li.

Before long, the Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers returned one by one, tossing numerous talismans onto the altar.

As for Dou Nineteen, he was sitting on the altar, creating many clones that were inscribing runes. As soon as those runes were inscribed on the altar, they seeped into it, causing the altar to spin continuously.

"Dou Nineteen's killing of the monsters will relieve a lot of pressure on us."

Gu Chensha nodded to himself. "These Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers are really strong, and together, they can form many formations. If I can get my hands on them, the Celestial Calmness Department will gain yet another powerful force. But it seems that Dou Nineteen still has a lot of treasures on him, so I can't rush things. Just the combination of him and the 360 Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers is enough to make it difficult for me." Gu Chensha was very patient. He was prepared to kill them all in one blow.

"Killing the demons here would be of great help to the Celestial Calmness Department, but I don't want to. Unfortunately, I need a powerful sacrifice to communicate with my father, or I wouldn't be able to get these things out of thin air." Dou Nineteen collected the blood talismans on the altar.

Each talisman contained a large amount of souls and essence blood, all of which had been slain by the Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers. However, these talismans were far from enough. He didn't prepare a sacrifice.

For half a month, Dou Nineteen continued to collect. He commanded the Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers to wipe out more and more monsters.

Moreover, he was still shifting the location of the sacrificial altar. Once he was done with this area of tens of thousands of miles, he would move to another location. This was an altar that could fly.

After shifting dozens of places, Dou Nineteen accumulated more and more talismans, but he still didn't activate the sacrifice. It seemed like he was accumulating something.

Among them, there were some Golden Core and above demons who came, but how could they be Dou Nineteen's match? They were directly killed and sealed, turning into blood talismans.

Gu Chensha was really envious. Dou Nineteen was like a giant thief that swept through the Demon Region. He was faster and faster, and wherever he went, the monsters were basically defenseless.

The Celestial Calmness Department also had an altar in the Demon Region, but they couldn't be as arrogant as Dou Nineteen. Their killing speed was far slower than his.

The ones guarding the altar were Liu Yu and the other four. Their cultivation was at Dao Realm Transformation 20, Gather and Disperse Impermanence. When the five of them worked together, they could challenge cultivators who were a few realms higher than them.

But Gu Chensha was calculating that even if the five of them worked together, they wouldn't be able to deal with five Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers. Not to mention 360 Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers swarming them.