Chapter 800
===========

The cold lady had already escaped. . M

At this time, Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian were completely surrounded, unable to move a single step in the Demon Domain.

Because at this time, five people appeared beside the cold lady, two women and three men. The women were beautiful, the men were handsome, and they were all top talents. Endless Needles, Endless Pills, Endless Books, Endless Trees, Endless Palaces, Endless Brushes. Six experts appeared at the same time. They surrounded Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian.

Originally, Gu Danjian and Gu Changjian wanted to seize the ice-cold woman's Infinity Needle, but they didn't expect to be surrounded by the enemy. The ice-cold woman had deliberately lured the two of them into the Infernal domain, and then had long since set up an ambush to seize their Infinity Sword and Infinity Blade.

"I didn't expect so many Endless Treasures to appear, and to be linked together."

Gu Shengjian calmed down. He swept a glance at the surroundings and wasn't afraid. "You guys aren't from the Tranquil Immortal Department. You seem to belong to another force. I really didn't expect that another force would appear out of nowhere."

"If I'm not wrong, you two are Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian." A man walked out, obviously the leader of the six.

This man was dressed in green, and was the reincarnation of the Endless Tree. He took the Endless Tree from the cold lady's hand, keeping it in his body, and spoke with assurance, "You two, you are from the Yongchō Royal Family, with high status and power, yet you dare to be so despicable, robbing others, truly shameless. However, an eye for an eye, today, as long as the two of you leave behind the Endless Blades and Endless Blades, I won't make things difficult for you, and will let you go, how about it?" "With just the six of you?"

Gu Tanjian clasped his hands behind his back, "The six of you are linked together, you can protect yourselves, but if you think you can kill us and take the Endless Blades and Endless Blades, that's just wishful thinking." "Is that so? The six of us are just the vanguard, Master hasn't appeared yet. "

At this time, the cold lady cupped her hands, and bowed towards the depths of the Demon Domain, "Welcome, Master." "Welcome, Master."

At this time, the six reincarnations of the Infinite Treasure all bowed as if they were welcoming the arrival of a great figure.

"Master? Could it be the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha?

Perhaps only the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, would be able to make these Infinite Treasures' reincarnations act so respectfully. However, Gu Tiansha was ambushed by Gu Chensha and is currently recuperating from his injuries. Have I fully recovered? "Gu Tanjian was shocked.

"No, it's not Gu Tiansha, but another mysterious existence." Gu Changjian said, "Could it be that the world has really changed? Why are mysterious existences appearing one after another? "

In the eyes of Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian, a chaotic-colored throne appeared out of thin air amidst the demonic energy, and the surrounding demonic energy was converted into spiritual energy.

On top of the throne, a person covered in chaotic armor appeared. It was hard to tell if it was a man or a woman, or if there was nothing under the armor. This armor was also one of the Endless Thirty-Six Treasures, the Endless Armor.

"Who are you? Could it be the reincarnation of the Endless Armor? "Gu Tanjian said.

"The reincarnation of the Endless Armor refused to submit to me, so I killed him. I took his armor as a spoil of war, that's all."

The mysterious existence in the armor spoke in a voice that seemed to originate from the primeval era, but also from the future. It was hard to tell if the person was a man or a woman, or even a demon or a devil.

"I wonder which expert from the primeval era you are?"

Gu Tanjian's heart skipped a beat. His instincts told him that the person in front of him was telling the truth. He really did kill the reincarnation of the Endless Armor and take the armor. Only Gu Chensha had ever done something as cruel as this to Fa Wuxian.

"Primeval expert?

In the Supreme Ancient Immortal Realms, how could there be such a tyrannical existence like me? I came from the future. However, my origins are something you all will never be able to understand. It's useless even if I tell you. The reason I came here is to correct the error in spacetime, returning the spacetime to its original state. "The mysterious armoured man spoke in a tyrannical tone.

"From the future?"

Gu Tanjian didn't believe the words of this mysterious person at all. He was silently guessing who this person was, but he didn't refute. He clasped his hands together and said, "Sir, may I know your name?"

"You can call me Primal Chaos Emperor," the mysterious armored person said, "Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, why aren't the two of you kneeling before me?

I can temporarily spare your lives and take you under me. But if you resist, I'll kill you right now. "

"Primal Chaos Emperor, this person's tone is as domineering as the sun and moon. Compared to the Celestial Tranquility Bureau, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, he's even more tyrannical and tyrannical. I wonder where he came from and how strong he is. But I don't know how strong he is. If I want to force my way through, I can still barge in. After all, I'm the Sword of Infinity."

Gu Tanjian knew that the situation before him was extremely dangerous. If he was the slightest bit careless, he would fall into the hands of the enemy and suffer a fate worse than death. He was a little disheartened.

Originally, after awakening the Sword of Infinity, he was in high spirits and wanted to fight against Gu Chensha, Gu Tiansha, and the others. But who would have thought that a 'Primal Chaos Emperor' would suddenly appear and actually trap them in this demonic domain. It was as if he had just been in high spirits when he suffered a blow to the head.

"Kill!"

All of a sudden, Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian combined their swords and saber, slashing towards the mysterious armored person. "Trying to act mysterious, and you still dare to call yourself the Primal Chaos Emperor? What a joke."

As the Sword of Infinity and Saber of Infinity fused, they gathered all sorts of profound mysteries that could slay all space-time in the world and attacked the mysterious armored person.

"What Primal Chaos Emperor? A bunch of nonsense. I want to know what I'm capable of. I'm just a nobody trying to act mysterious here. "

Gu Tanjian activated the bloodline of Gu Taxian in his body. Naturally, he exuded an invincible aura. "In the current world, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, controls many great thousand worlds and established his own power. The Celestial Tranquil Immortal Si, Gu Chensha, suppresses all obstacles in his path. Both of them have the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. I'm also of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline. How can I allow myself to be captured by a bastard of unknown origins?"

At this moment, Gu Tanjian actually made up his mind. The bloodline in his body surged as the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline fused with the Sword of Infinity. In that instant, the Sword of Infinity seemed to have transcended the essence of something as it abruptly slashed apart everything in its path.

"That's right, that's the case. We're fighting for the royal clan, both of us have the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Who the hell do you think you are? How dare you call yourself the Primal Chaos Emperor?"

Gu Changjian also activated the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor in his body. Coupled with the Sword of Infinity, his strength instantly soared by several times.

"Audacious!"

The mysterious armored man was enraged. With a ferocious wave of his hand, the entire universe seemed to have collapsed, turning into pieces of shattered jade.

His gigantic hand grabbed out from the shattered jade like a primordial devil god rushing out from the depths of chaos. Even the Sword of Infinity and Saber of Infinity were retracted.

But Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian had activated the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Coupled with the Sword of Infinity, they could unleash a power that surpassed the original Sword of Infinity.

The combination of sword and saber clashed head-on against the devilish hand of the mysterious armored man.

With a cracking sound, the combined attack of Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian was actually sent flying. But the Primal Chaos Throne of the mysterious armored man was also shattered into pieces.

"Good chance, let's go!"

At this moment, Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian met up. Sword and saber as one, forming a beam of light that slashed apart the layers of time and space, vanishing from sight.

"Damn it!"

The mysterious armored man who called himself the 'Primal Chaos Emperor' flew into a rage. "If not for Gu Taxian's bloodline activating the Sword of Infinity and Saber of Infinity, the two of them would have already fallen into my hands. With the saber and sword in my hands, collecting the Sword of Infinity would only be a matter of time. What a pity! " "Master, what should we do now?"

The cold woman who was the reincarnation of the Infinity Needle bowed and asked, "In this battle, we didn't manage to capture Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian. I'm afraid that the Celestial Pacification Department will be alerted, and we'll be exposed. If the Celestial Pacification Department keeps an eye on us, our days will not be easy. " "The Celestial Pacification Department won't be able to find us."

The mysterious armored man who called himself the 'Primal Chaos Emperor' sat on the Primal Chaos Throne of Infinity again. "That Gu Chensha really is powerful, but that's all there is to it. I'll devour him sooner or later and evolve. Gu Tiansha is still planning a series of things, but he's not even as good as Gu Chensha, so I'll have a chance to kill him first."

"Master is the true Lord of the Eternal World. Right now, Gu Chensha, Gu Tiansha, Patriarch Heaven and Earth, and the three celestials are nothing compared to master. Even Gu Taxian will eventually be defeated by master." At this point, the six reincarnations of the Infinity Treasure all had fanatical expressions on their faces.

"Gu Taxian doesn't exist in the future, and he doesn't exist in the past. He just appeared in the present, and it's very sudden.

The mysterious armored man who called himself the 'Primal Chaos Emperor' continued, "I was born here because I sensed his aura. I wanted to get rid of these outsiders and restore the present. I don't want the future to deviate from its course, or even cease to exist. If Gu Taxian and the dao of heaven fight, and the dao of heaven loses, then I'll cease to exist. I'll lose the foundation of my existence." "Master will definitely succeed!"

The six said in unison. "We vow to obey master's commands to the death, and restore history to its original course."

"Let's go. There are still a dozen or so Infinity Treasures that haven't appeared in the world yet. We need to collect them one by one, and if anyone tries anything funny, we'll kill them immediately."

The mysterious armored man who called himself the 'Primal Chaos Emperor' spoke in a cold voice. With a slight movement, he and the six others left the demon domain. Once they were gone, the devil energy once again surged, filling the area with darkness.

However, a person appeared within the devil energy, surrounded by glittering stars. It was none other than the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya. "He actually came from the future?

He called himself the Primal Chaos Emperor, and he descended thirty-six years ago. In the great tribulation, all sorts of demons, devils, ghosts, and monsters have appeared.

Chensha has long since caught hold of the auras of the Infinity Blade and Infinity Sword, but he hasn't been able to reel them in. In the end, he's managed to catch a big fish. His harvest is enormous. " Please follow the official WeChat account to download and install. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy)