Chapter 966
===========

Chapter 963: Attack the Celestial Court Chapter 963: Attack the Celestial Court

Because the Emperor Of Heaven had strengthened the power of the red dust in the human world, there were almost no experts left in the human world. Even those who had obtained mutated Source Power would find it difficult to resist, let alone ordinary experts.

The human world had absorbed the power of so many experts who had fallen into the cycle of reincarnation, and it was expanding and expanding. Gu Daoxian could not protect his subordinates, and he had no other choice.

The strongest of his subordinates was someone who could change size at will. This kind of person was pitifully weak. If it was not for the fact that he needed them to manage his huge empire and collect sacrifices and faith, Gu Daoxian would not be interested in these people at all.

'This is not a good thing. My power is increasing, and I'm collecting sacrifices to refine immortality, but the Emperor Of Heaven's power is increasing much faster than mine, and the Feather Sand has already surpassed mine. If this goes on, I will fall into the hands of these people sooner or later, and I will never be able to reincarnate.' Gu Daoxian's heart was actually as anxious as an ant on a hot pan. But no matter how he thought about it, he could not think of any way. 'Could it be that I have to cultivate that Dragonless Heart Technique? It seems that this is the only way.

That Grand Feather Sand had cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, which was why it was able to resist the corrosion of the power of the mortal world and grow stronger. But for my pride, I will never cultivate that Dragonless Heart Sutra. I want to comprehend my own heart sutra. "

Ever since Gu Daoxian had been born, he had looked down on Gu Chensha from the bottom of his heart. Naturally, he would not cultivate that Dragonless Heart Technique.

He kept operating his own cultivation, trying to refine the power of the red dust, but the power of the red dust wrapped around his body, constantly changing, it was not something he could expel or control. Therefore, he calculated, analyzed, and racked his brains.

Unfortunately, with his intelligence, he could not comprehend a cultivation method that was on par with the Dragonless Heart Technique. 'Damn it. That Gu Chensha's intelligence is so high? I don't believe it. I definitely don't believe that this person can reach this level. Even if I die, I will not cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra. "

Gu Daoxian almost bellowed out, "Gu Chensha, my name is Gu Daoxian. Compared to existences of a higher level, how could I possibly neglect the essentials and cultivate the Dragonless mental cultivation technique that you created?"

"Hahaha …" Just as Gu Daoxian made up his mind, a voice suddenly rang out in his ears. It was a soft laugh, and he did not know who it was.

"Who?"

In that instant, Gu Daoxian's tremendous divine will swept out across the void space. It seemed as though there were layers upon layers, and all space-time dimensions were captured by his divine will.

His cultivation was much higher than the cultivators of the Sky Origin Stage. With a thought, he could see everything in the world clearly, like mercury flowing on the ground, and the light of the sun and the moon shining on the world. However, no matter how he searched, he could not find the source of the laughter. This laughter seemed to come from the depths of his heart.

"Who is it?" Gu Daoxian quickly calmed down. "Could it be the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha?

No, no matter how powerful these two people are, and I'm no match for them, it's impossible for me to not notice them laughing as they speak to me. Unless it's an existence even more powerful than these two people?

"But in this world, is there anything more powerful than these two people?"

"Gu Daoxian, you're not bad. To think that you'd rather die than cultivate that Dragonless Heart Sutra. I like that very much. Since that's the case, I'll teach you a secret technique. This secret technique cannot be named. It cannot be grasped, it cannot be guessed, and it cannot be measured. It far surpasses the Dragonless Heart Sutra. As long as you cultivate this secret technique, you will be completely unafraid of the power of the mortal world." In the depths of Gu Daoxian's heart, a voice rang out once again.

This voice seemed to be the true essence of Gu Daoxian's own core, and it also seemed to be a call from the source. Then, waves of profoundness rippled in his heart. Gu Daoxian quickly became enlightened, and he comprehended the great secret of freedom. A halo spread out around his body.

Waves of ripples spread out from his body. As these ripples spread out, they shattered the power of the mortal world, transforming it into a brilliant golden undying.

"Haha, this undying power is already close to the eighth level, the realm of immortality. This heart sutra is indeed profound. Just what kind of technique is this? Unknown? Unnameable?

Could it be that this technique has already reached a stage where it can shock the world, and can't possibly have a name?

Or could it be that no name is enough to describe the profoundness of this technique, so it just doesn't have a name? "Gu Daoxian suddenly felt that he was completely unafraid of the corrosion of the power of the mortal world.

"Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Chensha, and that Hongling Sha, just you wait. Since I've obtained such a powerful technique, I won't let you go."

Gu Daoxian let out a long howl. This howl actually pierced through the layers of the Human Realm's crystal walls, reaching the Celestial Court, causing the Celestial Court to shake. It seemed to be demonstrating its might to the Celestial Court.

Not only that, but this sound also passed through many space-time turbulences, reaching the Eternal Realm, causing the Eternal Realm's crystal walls to emit crackling sounds, like the sound of porcelain and glass violently colliding. Gu Chensha's main body, who was sitting in the Eternal Realm, suddenly opened his eyes.

One of Gu Chensha's clones followed the Hongling Sha, while his main body sat in the Eternal Realm, deducing the Dragonless Heart Sutra. The Eternal Realm had now completely calmed down. Although many experts had gone to the Human Realm, there were still many who had stayed behind, especially the many experts who had gone to the Human Realm. They had all fallen, corroded by the power of the Human Realm's mortal world, falling into the cycle of reincarnation, dying without a burial place.

This news spread to the Eternal Realm one after another, causing all the experts in the Eternal Realm to be alarmed. They didn't dare to go to the Human Realm, but instead calmly cultivated in the Eternal Realm, comprehending the Dragonless Heart Sutra. In a short period of time, the Eternal Realm's national fortune was stable, and the people's hearts were much more united.

In this kind of environment, Gu Chensha also began to speed up the refinement of Eternity, making the Eternal Realm even more stable.

At this time, he sensed Gu Daoxian's provocative howl, and immediately activated his own cultivation base. The Eternal Realm's crystal walls rotated slightly, and with a cracking sound, the howl was shattered, and then absorbed into the Eternal Realm. Gu Chensha made a grabbing motion, and instantly, the power of the howl was caught in his hand.

The power of the howl turned into many ripples, which continuously spread out, as if they would never be extinguished.

Gu Chensha observed the ripples of the howl, and his expression became serious. 'This Gu Daoxian's strength actually increased so quickly, and he immediately comprehended some kind of secret technique?

This secret technique isn't my Dragonless Heart Sutra, nor is it the technique of the Emperor Of Heaven. It comes from another kind of mysterious comprehension.

'As expected, if my guess is not wrong, that terrifying thing finally made a move. It imparted some of its own comprehension to Gu Daoxian, using Gu Daoxian as a substitute to disturb everything and observe the changes. This terrifying thing first controlled those people who had been reincarnated from the mutated source, and then hid beside the Grand Plume Sand, and then tempted Gu Daoxian.

'But from the looks of it, this terrifying thing has just been born, and its strength isn't very strong. In fact, it can't even deal with the Emperor Of Heaven. If it was very strong, it would have directly tempted the Emperor Of Heaven. Why would it still need to act against Gu Daoxian?'

"Chensha, was that Gu Daoxian's provocation just now?" Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, Lou Baiyue, and the others walked over. "Is Gu Daoxian really that strong?" "Gu Daoxian has been possessed by that terrifying thing."

Gu Chensha said, "This is a good thing. That terrifying thing can temporarily only tempt Gu Daoxian, and can't completely control him. Gu Daoxian now has to choose a point of attack. It's either our Eternal World, the Celestial Court, or the Grand Plume Sand. However, the Grand Plume Sand has also been invaded by that terrifying thing. That terrifying thing won't let Gu Daoxian fight head-on with the Grand Plume Sand.

And that terrifying thing won't let Gu Daoxian deal with my Eternal World, or else he will definitely not be able to return. So, his only goal is to attack the Celestial Court. Once he attacks the Celestial Court, my chance will come. " "I wonder how the Emperor Of Heaven will resolve this this time."

Lou Baiyue said, "Right, the Fourth has recently gone into seclusion to comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra. He seems to have truly comprehended the core principles." "Is that so?"

Gu Chensha nodded, indicating that he understood. "Gu Daoxian and the Emperor Of Heaven are fighting. I have to go to the Celestial Court to take a look and meet that Emperor Of Heaven. Under that pressure, the Emperor Of Heaven will submit to me. That's for the best, because now we have to deal with the same enemy, which is that terrifying thing.

If this terrifying thing finally condenses into a physical form, it will be a disaster for both the Celestial Court and the Eternal World. "

"But will the Emperor Of Heaven submit to you and learn your Dragonless Heart Sutra?" Lou Baiyue said.

"Then it's not up to him." Gu Chensha said, "My main body will continue to guard the Eternal World, and my clone will go to the Celestial Court." In the Human Realm, Gu Daoxian soared into the sky.

As expected, after he obtained the Nameless Heart Sutra, his strength increased greatly, and he actually directly attacked the Celestial Court.

The Celestial Court was high up, and there was a barrier between it and the Human Realm. No matter how strong someone was, they could not break through this barrier and reach the Celestial Court.

Right now, the rule of the Celestial Court and many other worlds in the Human Realm was that in the Human Realm, there were all kinds of tribulations. In the Demon Realm, the God Realm, the Devil Realm, the Immortal Realm, and the Underworld, there were all kinds of them.

Only in the Celestial Court could one not decay, not die, not enter the cycle of reincarnation, and exist forever. The Celestial Court was a temptation.

But Gu Daoxian didn't care about that. Looking at the barrier of the Celestial Court, he roared again, "Emperor Of Heaven, your position is pretty much done. With just a piece of trash like you, you can't subdue Gu Chensha. And what Otherworldly Realm? Right now, the heavens are not the heavens, and the earth is not the earth. Why don't I replace you and devour you? I'll sit on the throne of Emperor Of Heaven, and then I can ensure order." Rumble! Gu Daoxian punched.

With this punch, heaven and earth shook, and the crystal walls of the Celestial Court were shattered. The mysterious Celestial Court was almost completely revealed to the world.