Chapter 725
===========

"These children are rather knowledgeable. It's not easy. They are not from great clans and are just children from ordinary families. Yet, their martial intent is already somewhat firm and unshakable." The Martial Sage sighed in admiration. However, he only admired them and did not give them any benefits.

"Lord Martial Sage, what do you think of the Human Dragon Fist that our Tranquil Immortal Department created?" Gu Chensha asked.

The Human Dragon Fist was a basic fist technique, but it incorporated many absolute arts. From the shallow to the profound, it was an all-encompassing martial art. There were many layers to this fist technique, and a cultivator could cultivate it for a lifetime.

"I've already seen the Human Dragon Fist. It is a martial art that you came up with after integrating numerous martial arts. It is the most beneficial martial art for the world.

Starting from the first layer, one can cultivate it forever. From the second layer, the third layer, the fourth layer, to the tenth layer, the hundredfold layer, even the thousandfold layer, the ten thousandfold layer, the ten thousandfold layer. The hundredfold layer, the trillion layer. "

The Martial Sage said, "This martial art is most suitable for stabilizing one's foundation. It incorporates the principles of the Dragon Nurturing Mental Cultivation Technique, the Dragon Creation Mental Cultivation Technique, and even the Holy Dragon Mental Cultivation Technique. No matter how stupid a person is, they will be able to break through easily in the initial stages.

"Every time this fist technique is cultivated to the next layer, one will gain the strength of a person. It is most suitable for progressing step by step. If one does not rush and cultivates layer by layer, their strength and wisdom will increase.

"This technique is the process of transforming a human into a dragon. It is extremely exquisite.

"This technique is not the most powerful, and its attacks are not the sharpest. Its speed is not the fastest, and its defense is not the strongest either. However, it is most suitable for continuous cultivation, improving one's aptitude, physique, body, and mind. Over time, it will nurture a righteous Qi that is impervious to all evils and misfortune.

"It is most suitable for the people of the world to cultivate. It is the only way to improve the country's Luck and the people's physique. I once wanted to create such a martial art, but unfortunately, I did not succeed. Unexpectedly, you have almost perfected it." "No, Lord Martial Sage is too humble."

Gu Chensha said, "The true essence of the martial art that you created is something that brings hope to the people of the world. Ever since Lord Martial Sage appeared, the will of martial arts has flowed in everyone's blood. The world could have no laws, but it could not have no martial arts.

Martial arts was the foundation of survival. In the Infernal domain, there were many chaotic places without order and law, but many demons were still able to survive. This meant that the Dharma Saint's law was not necessary, but martial arts was. Hence, when I created the Human Dragon Fist, I inherited the will of Martial. "

"This Human-Dragon Fist has also given me a lot of inspiration. However, there are indeed areas that are worth perfecting."

Martial Sages had a deep understanding of the Martial Dao, especially the foundational Martial Techniques. As they studied the Dragon Race Fist, they discovered many flaws.

When one's martial arts had reached their level, their combat power and all kinds of profound comprehension were no longer a problem. The most important thing was how to nurture the common people in the world and create the most suitable martial arts for them to cultivate. This was the World Teacher. It was also a kind of business.

If everyone in the world chose to cultivate your martial arts, then over time, it would become a noble enlightenment and belief.

The reason why the Tranquil Immortal Department was so tyrannical was because they had begun to promote the Human Dragon Fist to the world. The Path of the Human Dragon was very popular in the Divine Land.

"As the Human Dragon Fist is gradually promoted, the martial arts concepts of the world have once again reached a new level." Martial Sages and Gu Chensha calculated again, and the concept of the Human Dragon Fist was gradually perfected. Martial Sages and Gu Chensha worked together, and the benefits were great.

First of all, the Tranquil Immortal Department had grasped countless secret arts and martial essences. Gu Chensha had absorbed the memories of an unknown number of important people and fused them together before handing them over to the Martial Sage. The Martial Sage had refined them and calculated them on his own, summarizing his own martial path. Then, the feedback would be very beneficial to Gu Chensha.

Martial Sages' comprehension of the Martial Dao was also extremely profound. In the Immemorial Era, he had created a golden age of martial arts. Now that he was assisting the Tranquil Immortal Department, he could unleash his greatest might.

The two of them walked out of Xianzhou City and looked at the mountains and rivers. The qi veins were surging, and there was an endless flow of flying ships in the sky. It was a flourishing scene.

"In the past, The Great Spirit God came into contact with me, and we even discussed martial arts. I wanted to improve his The Great Spirit God's technique and use it to better manage Xianzhou. Therefore, Xianzhou is also flourishing with martial arts."

Martial Sages said, "His management of Xianzhou is no small matter. In these ten thousand years of accumulation, he has already engraved his mark in the depths of the earth. He has even condensed a giant spirit's heart in the depths of Xianzhou.

If that's the case, he definitely won't give up and will make a comeback. After all, he won't easily give up his ten thousand years of accumulation. "

"The Great Spirit God is a wily old fox, even more terrifying than the three Celestial Venerables. He definitely won't give up on Xianzhou."

Gu Chensha deeply agreed. Thinking about the ancient Sorcerer Ancestor, he was most likely an existence similar to Wan Senshi. Although he had suffered a calamity and his strength was damaged, he was still one of the strongest existences in the world. But because he cooperated with The Great Spirit God, he was devoured.

Xianzhou, which he had managed for ten thousand years, was destroyed because of the appearance of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. But now, the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had disappeared. Although the Tranquil Immortal Department had gradually erased the mark of The Great Spirit God in these ten thousand years, the accumulation of ten thousand years had already seeped into the veins in the depths of the earth. It wasn't something that could be cleansed in a short period of time.

Gu Chensha could almost conclude that The Great Spirit God would definitely infiltrate Xianzhou and stir up a storm.

This god's current cultivation base was most likely not inferior to an old antique like Wan Senshi. Not only that, his concealment methods and craftiness were also on par with Wan Senshi.

From the beginning to the end, Gu Chensha hadn't seen The Great Spirit God in action, nor had he seen his true appearance. He had always been hiding in the dark, and no one knew where this god's lair was. From this, it could be seen that the degree of concealment of this god was above Wan Senshi.

"Lord Martial Saint, let's stay in Xianzhou for a while longer and see if we can find any traces of The Great Spirit God."

Gu Chensha said, "If The Great Spirit God wants to devour the entire Xianzhou, he must first establish a new faith. He absolutely can't just forcefully seize it."

"We can. Xianzhou is close to the border, and the Great Stone Great Wall is at its edge. It's a true large province that interacts with the Desolate Lands. Ever since the imperial court opened up the Desolate Lands, Xianzhou has become more and more developed. You can see people from other provinces coming and going here. It's not a bad thing to observe a little longer. "

The Martial Saint looked into the distance, and his gaze became more and more profound. "I also want to see how powerful The Great Spirit God is."

On the other side of Xianzhou, in a small county near the Great Stone Great Wall, there were manors everywhere. These were all the real estates of the wealthy aristocratic families. Currently, the land near the border was extremely expensive. Even a small plot of land could be sold for a sky-high price. This was because this was a distribution point for the transportation of goods. All kinds of goods plundered from the Desolate Lands would pass through the Great Stone Great Wall, gather here, and then circulate to other parts of the Divine Prefecture.

This place was still a jumble of crooks and honest folk, and the forces here were complicated. There were all kinds of manors, and no one knew how many forces were hidden here.

There was a manor that occupied an area of three sides, and there were tall buildings and gardens everywhere. There were also buildings that looked like factories. These factories collected all kinds of herbs, animal skins, flesh, and other things from the Desolate Lands to manufacture medicine.

There were many manors that manufactured medicine like this, and it wasn't strange at all. However, with the size of the three sides, even if it was just the real estate, it was still a huge fortune.

What was even more amazing was that outside the manor was a huge wall, and there were also tall towers around it. It was heavily guarded, and in front of the gate of the manor, there was a sign that said "Supplied by the Celestial Designer Institute".

It could be seen that this manor was a supplier of the Celestial Designer Institute. This relationship was not ordinary, and it meant that even the imperial court would find it difficult to investigate him.

Although this was not the manor of the Celestial Designer Institute, it was more or less related to the Celestial Designer Institute. With a shake of its body, it became half official and half merchant. There were many such rich aristocratic families among the common people.

Some had connections with the Calming Immortal Department, and some had established cooperation with the Celestial Designer Institute.

In the depths of the manor, there was a gathering of people from a family. They were led by a dozen elders, and there were also hundreds of young men and women. All of them had calm auras and high cultivation levels.

The leader of the family was a dignified middle-aged man, and there were actually waves of magic power coming from his body. He seemed to be a true expert who had cultivated to the 20th Transformation of the Dao Realm, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence.

Even now, when the world was developing and there were many fortuitous encounters, there weren't many experts who reached the 20th Transformation of the Dao Realm and cultivated Spiritual Power.

Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence meant that one didn't have a physical body and all of it was turned into Spiritual Power. One could change at will and it was tough to kill. Moreover, the changes were really hard to defend against.

"Family Head, you have finally come out. You actually cultivated Spiritual Power. It seems like our Tan Family is going to rise up." The dozen elders saw through the man's cultivation and were really excited.

"This is all thanks to The Great Spirit God."

Behind the dignified middle-aged man was a statue of a god that was as tall as a person. The statue was clad in armor and had three heads and six arms. Each of them held a weapon in its hand, and it exuded an unfathomable majesty. This was the ancient The Great Spirit God statue.

The Great Spirit God was forbidden from worshiping him. Anyone who worshiped him would have their family confiscated, exiled, and labeled as evil sect members. They would even be punished and their family would be wiped out. This was the law of the imperial court. But now, the Tan Family was worshiping this god in secret. They were really daring.

"Patriarch, we must be extremely careful. Right now, the power of the Celestial Calmness Department is growing stronger and stronger. Even if we have a relationship with the Celestial Designer Institute, we will inevitably be discovered. At that time, the family will suffer a calamity," a young man from the family said.

"Have you been brainwashed by some of the Calming Celestial Department's academies?"

The Tan Family Head unleashed a wave of power, causing the young man to tremble. "The Great Spirit God is about to return to Xian Province. The ancient Xian Province is still the source of The Great Spirit God's God Kingdom."

"Patriarch, you can communicate with Lord Mighty Miracle God. May I know if there are any instructions from Lord Mighty Miracle God?" One of the elders in the family asked quickly.

The author recommends a free mobile app for you. Download large amounts of good content for offline reading. Read large amounts of free content for you. Switch fonts. Night mode is complete! Please follow the official WeChat account to download. Leishidushi (Press three seconds to copy) Install the app!