Chapter 106
===========

It was because he had already been exposed. He had defeated Yu Ba, so the news would definitely not be hidden. Perhaps all the princes' mansions and the imperial court knew that Prince Nineteen had an expert of the Venerable Dao Realm under his command. Although this could intimidate many people with ulterior motives, it would also make him a target for his enemies. Thinking about it, he still couldn't think of a good idea.

Although his cultivation had soared and everything else was going smoothly, he still wasn't able to totally subdue a Dao Realm Transformation Seven expert.

"Looks like I can only have Yiming follow by my side at all times to prevent any accidents from happening. If the Heartless Seizing Talisman in his body is refined by someone and they start a massacre in the mansion, we won't be able to stop them."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "Although my strength has improved and I used the Great Dragon Armor and Demon Descending Blade to injure Yu Ba, I have been cultivating the Sun Moon Dragon and my strength has increased greatly. But even if I use all my skills, it will still be tough for me to deal with someone at Dao Realm Transformation Seven."

Dao Realm Transformation Six Xiantian Energy and Seven Transformation Seven Leaving the Ground and Soaring Sky were worlds apart. The former was like a kid waving a hammer and wasn't familiar with the usage of energy. As for the latter, it was like using one's strength to wave the hammer.

"Master, you are back."

Yi Ming was summoned and rushed back from outside, "I have been patrolling the manor and teaching the generals. Master's soldiers are really serious …" "Very good, continue to teach and nurture more talents."

Gu Chensha listened attentively to his report. Currently, the only people he could use were Liu Yu and the other four. Their backgrounds were clean and they had followed him into battle. He had personally trained them. It could be said that they were his direct subordinates. However, even though the five of them were becoming more mature, they still lacked a foundation. Even though their martial arts were strong, they were not as orderly as the Three Incenses. Three Incense was taught from a young age. After listening, he ordered Yi Ming to sit down, "Yi Ming, is the talisman in your body okay? Where is it? "

"Thank you, Master, for giving me that talisman. If not for that talisman helping me break free from the evil god faith, I would still be falling."

Yi Ming said right away, "The rune power is still at my brow and dantian, protecting me from evil gods."

Gu Chensha sighed. What Yi Ming said now was totally different after he refined the runes. He would probably kill him right away and return to the evil god's embrace.

Then, he pointed his finger and pressed it between Yi Ming's eyebrows. He realized that there was indeed a ball of spiritual energy that resonated with him. It should be the rune power of the Heartless Capturing Talisman.

Back then, before he used the Faithless Mind Seizing Talisman, he had refined it with fresh blood and heavenly dew, causing the talisman's power to be extremely strong. That was why he could directly control Yi Ming.

"Hmm?"

Just as he touched it, he discovered that the rune power and the blood in his finger emitted a thirst, as if it wanted to absorb his Sun-Moon Dragon Blood to strengthen itself. He was instantly delighted. "Could it be that the Sun-Moon Dragon Blood can strengthen the rune power? That's right, the Faithless Mind Capturing Rune was also used by the ancient Son of Heaven to change the way of evil. I followed the ancient Son of Heaven's Dao and refined the rune to be more exquisite and reasonable. In that case, I will use the Sun-Moon Refining Technique to completely strengthen the rune." Blood seeped out of his finger and he drew the Sun Moon Refining Talisman on Yi Ming's brow.

The moment the talisman was drawn, it was absorbed. The talisman absorbed the Sun Moon Dragon Blood and the ripples instantly expanded. It resonated with the talisman at his abdomen and flowed around Yi Ming's body.

"Not bad."

Gu Chensha was overjoyed. "I do want to see if Yi Ming will completely change to the truth when the Faithless Mind Snatching Talisman grows stronger. I will use the Dao of the Son of Heaven to cleanse the evil aura and turn the evil in his heart into nothing." He drew the talisman again, not hesitating to use his essence blood.

After drawing the talisman ten times, a lot of essence blood was consumed. Yi Ming's body gave off the light of the sun and moon. He said in surprise, "Master, I feel like I have obtained a new life. I seem to have touched the right path of heaven."

Gu Chensha's essence blood was greatly consumed, but he was prepared. He swallowed a large mouthful of heavenly dew and circulated the Sun Moon Dragon Blood. The essence blood in his body surged and circulated endlessly. He drew the talisman again.

After dozens of times, the power of the Faithless Mind Seizing Talisman became stronger and stronger. It seemed to be reaching its limit.

"Sun Moon Refining, evil retreat, cleanse the evil, return me to the right path …" Gu Chensha used his blood as a guide and suddenly slapped the talisman. "I, Gu Chensha, offer my blood to the heavens …"

He used his trump card and sacrificed himself. Immediately, the Sun Moon Dragon Fire appeared on his fingertip.

The Sun Moon Dragon Fire entered Yi Ming's brow and suddenly spread. Instantly, a lot of the black gas hidden in Yi Ming's body was refined. Yi Ming looked solemn and his body flickered with the light of the sun and moon. He was like an ancient god that protected the right path with the Emperor. Peng!

Suddenly, there was a slight ring at Yi Ming's brow. The power of the talisman spread throughout his body and merged into his bloodline.

Yi Ming spoke, "Master, thank you for using your essence blood to summon the Heaven Dao Flame to cleanse my evil. Now, I have awakened and returned to the right path. I have cleared the poison that the evil god has hidden in my heart for many years. I am about to cultivate the Samadhi True Flame and reach Dao Realm Transformation Eight. " Honglong! The blood in Yi Ming's body circulated quickly along with his Xiantian Earth Energy.

Gu Chensha retreated and he felt like there were thousands of bulls trampling on Yi Ming's body, causing landslides and tsunamis.

If the blood in a normal person's body was going berserk, they would have exploded and their bones would have shattered. But he was perfectly fine.

His blood circulated to the extreme and it suddenly stopped. Instead, flames appeared from his pores. His aura changed and his aura was several times stronger than before.

"Samadhi True Flame!"

This was the first time Gu Chensha saw someone break through from Dao Realm Transformation Eight. When one reached Transformation Eight, the Xiantian Earth Energy and blood rubbed against one another and gave birth to flames that flowed through the meridians. Not only did the body become stronger and his dantian expanded, but he could also store more earth energy. The nature of the earth energy also changed. It became more nimble, strong, and flexible. Witnessing this process was really beneficial for Gu Chensha.

Yi Ming broke through and understood the righteousness of the heavens. No one could make him turn into an evil demon. The hidden problems in Gu Chensha's heart were removed.

After breaking through, he knelt down on one knee, "Thank you, Master, for giving me a new life. Today, I burned my old body and was reborn all thanks to Master's nurturing. So, Master is actually the legacy of the ancient Emperor.

But Master needs to be careful and don't expose yourself, otherwise, the outcome will be catastrophic. Master's body is filled with treasures, blood, and soul. Not to mention those in the evil path, but even those in the celestial path want you.

Master's blood is a medicine that exceeds Sky Dew. Even eating a mouthful of Master's meat can allow one to live for dozens of years. " "I knew it."

Even though Gu Chensha had lost a lot of his essence blood, he was happy in his heart. He had gotten rid of Yi Ming, this hidden danger, and gotten rid of his evil energy, allowing him to finally break away from the Evil God. This was also a great merit. "Yi Ming, I believe that there will definitely be people coming to find you in the near future to help you get rid of the power of the runes on your body. You can beat them at their own game and make them suffer." Many ideas popped up in his mind.

"Yes."

Yi Ming had cultivated the Samadhi True Fire, and his strength had increased greatly. Moreover, he had completely converted, which was a good thing for the safety of his fief.

Suddenly, he seemed to think of something and took out a Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill. "Eat this." "Thank you, Master."

Yi Ming was overjoyed and quickly swallowed it. Immediately, his body became even more sacred. This pill could greatly increase his power of understanding, strengthen his spirit, and make it easier for him to control his Samadhi True Fire. It was only a matter of time before he could advance to the ninth transformation of the Glass Jade Body.

If this pill wasn't precious, the Heavenly Craftsman Institute wouldn't have helped Gu Chensha build the castle so much. Even those old antiques flocked to this pill. It was obvious that this pill had the miraculous effect of stealing the fortune of heaven and earth.

If Yi Ming obtained this pill, his cultivation would increase greatly, and it would be more destructive to some people's schemes.

Gu Chensha had stolen a total of 480 of these pills. He used one himself and gave one to Long Yuyun. The Heavenly Craftsman Institute rewarded him with two pills and gave Liu Yu and the others one each. Now that Yi Ming had one, there were still 470 pills left. Although he had enough in stock, he still had to use them sparingly.

For example, the Frost Jade Dew was wavering and hadn't completely converted. Thus, he didn't use the Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill to rope it in. He didn't want to waste such a precious pill and raise an ungrateful person.

"Oh right, Master, your steward's godson from the capital came to the mansion three days ago. He's learning martial arts from me. I used Innate Gang Qi to cleanse his meridians, and his cultivation is now at the peak of Martial Dao Master," Yi Ming said.

"What? My godson is here. Quick, let him in. "Gu Chensha was delighted and immediately summoned him.

Yi Ming hurriedly went out. Not long after, his godson came in and knelt on the ground. "Master, I didn't think that we would finally succeed. Now that we have our own fief, we even built a magnificent castle, the market outside is bustling, and the road to the border has been built. The construction of this fief has completely surpassed the other princes." "Quick, get up."

Gu Chensha hurriedly helped him up. "Although you and I are master and servant on the surface, we are actually friends in times of adversity. Now that I have some achievements, I will need to rely on you to manage the internal affairs and accounts of the mansion. You should learn from Yi Ming and become his disciple. He will teach you many things. Come, take this pill."

Gu Chensha also let his godson consume a Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill. Then, he took out a pot of Heavenly Dew and handed it to Yi Ming. "Yi Ming, from now on, my godson is your direct disciple. Use this pot of Heavenly Dew to nurture him, and use half of it to speed up your cultivation." "Yes!" Yi Ming accepted it.

His godson hurriedly kowtowed and became his disciple. He was overjoyed. With such a powerful master as his master, things would be much easier in the future.

"Don't worry, Master. I have taken good care of the mansion in the capital. However, many of the princes' subordinates have come to recruit me. Even the Lou Family has tried to recruit me several times, but I have to feign civility."

His godson said many things, causing Gu Chensha to nod his head. "I have also recruited a group of people myself. They are eunuchs and guards who are not favored in the palace. They were chased out. Originally, I had a good relationship with them. We are in the same boat. I have known them for more than ten years, and they are definitely reliable. Some of them are quite capable, but they are not successful. I have brought them all."