Chapter 859
===========

Genius in a second to remember "If you like it, go? To provide you with exciting novels to read. Chapter 856: Seizing the Decree

Gu Chensha had been observing the Eastern Wastelands for an hour, trying to come up with a way to completely absorb the Eastern Wastelands into the Divine Prefecture's gourd. The Eastern Wastelands were much larger than the Divine Central Continent. Once it was completely absorbed, it would most likely cause a chain reaction that would cause the balance between the Four Wildernesses and the Divine Prefecture to be lost. If that happened, an even greater disaster would occur.

However, Gu Chensha knew that this was the best way to weaken the future Celestial Court. Without any of the four wildernesses, it would be difficult for the Divine Prefecture to transform into the Celestial Court.

In the future, if the Heavenly Court truly wanted to stand above the heavens and be immortal, it would definitely not be a simple matter. Rumble!

As Gu Chensha waved his hand, thousands of strands of Dragon Qi appeared on his body. These strands of Dragon Qi twisted and wriggled, each of them millions of miles long. They seeped into the depths of space-time, where even the cosmic tides could do nothing to them.

This Dragon Qi was neither a True Dragon nor a Holy Dragon, but a Dragonless Qi that Gu Chensha had comprehended.

The so-called Wulong did not mean that there were no dragons, but rather that there was a supreme dragon, a supreme dragon. It was already impossible to describe a great dragon, and there was no adjective or artistic conception that could describe its power. Wu Long, an indescribable dragon. This was the true meaning of dragonless.

True dragons were the Son of Heaven's Aura. In this world, only the Son of Heaven's Aura condensed by the Nation's Fate Divine Prefecture could transform into a true dragon. But Wu Long was many times more powerful than a true dragon. It was a dragon that could break through the restraints of the Heavenly Daos. It soared into the nine heavens, breaking through the restraints and soaring freely.

"Eastern Wasteland, I infused dragonless qi into you so that you could understand the truth of dragonless qi. The true essence of dragons is what you truly want. The Eastern Wasteland Heart you condensed now is nothing more than a shackle that fate has placed on you. You have to abandon your Eastern Wasteland Heart and condense a dragonless heart. Only then will you be able to transcend your original essence and achieve freedom, greatness, and greatness. [Love ↑ Go △ Little ↑ Say △ Net] Qu

Gu Chensha watched as the Dragonless Qi descended and seeped into the depths of Eastern Barren. Eastern Barren shook a little, but then calmed down completely.

As for Gu Chensha, he leaped over countless obstacles and arrived at the center of the Eastern Barren Territory, inside the Black Heaven Earth Gate.

He did not appear in front of the mountain gate of the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth. Instead, he appeared in the core of the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth.

Even the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, had been able to enter the Black Heaven Earth Gate with ease, let alone the current Gu Chensha.

Now, Gu Chensha was even more powerful than Gu Tiansha, who had become a Heavenly Venerate. It could be said that he had completely conquered the Black Heaven Earth Sect. Patriarch Heaven and Earth and the entire Black Heaven Earth Sect did not know what had happened. However, to him, the Black Heaven Earth Sect was still too small. He wanted to conquer the entire Eastern Wilderness.

In one of the core areas of the Black Heaven Earth Gate, Ming Fei Wu Dangkong was cultivating bitterly.

The Heaven Sacrificial Talisman floated above her head, and countless rays of green light shone down, making her impervious to all evils. With the protection of the Heavenly Dao, no one could plot against her.

"Ming Fei's source, I have fully comprehended it." Wu Dangkong's aura was like a wave, and something crucial in her body was about to awaken.

Suddenly, she opened her eyes. In the depths of her brow, a giant power rose up and light started to tangle with one another. The light shone, causing the ground to sink, heaven and earth to split apart, and the sun and moon shone brightly.

"I am Ming Fei, Ming Fei is me. I am Emperor Heaven's Ming Fei, not Gu Taxian's Ming Fei. So, that is the case!"

Wudang Kong said, "Jing Fanxing was the Innocuous Heavenly King, and he spied on me in the future. He harbored evil intentions, so he lost his status as the Innocuous Heavenly King in this life. I was once Jing Fanxing's fiancee, so the karma between us is over." Peng!

Wu Dangkong, who had awakened Ming Fei's source, had her cultivation climb. Wave after wave of her power broke through the bottleneck of Dao Realm 36 Transformation and Celestial Lord Realm. In an instant, Wu Dangkong reached Celestial Lord Realm. Following this, Wu Dangkong's cultivation improved and she stepped into Celestial Life Realm.

This wasn't all. The Power of Chiliocosm in her body was gathering and surging. For some reason, it was activated and the core seed of Chiliocosm was formed.

Each of her actions contained the Power of Chiliocosm. Although this wasn't Heaven Essence Realm, it was half Heaven Essence Realm. Such a realm was just really terrifying.

Old Man Desolation was standing beside Wu Dang Kong. Seeing Wu Dang Kong's transformation, his expression slightly changed. He bowed down and said, "Congratulations to Concubine Ming for successfully cultivating. In the future, you will definitely reach the Heaven Origin Realm."

"I will definitely reach Heaven Essence Realm. What I need to do now is simple, which is to refine the words Gu Taxian left in the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. Man can conquer nature! Hmph!

In the end, Gu Taxian will become nourishment for the Heavenly Daos. To the Heavenly Daos, Gu Taxian is a fat piece of meat that is hard to digest. But in the end, he's just a fat piece of meat. He's not a formidable opponent. Once we devour Gu Taxian, we will all obtain great benefits. "

Wu Dangkong's temperament was completely different. "As for Gu Chensha, I will capture him and sacrifice him to the Heavenly Daos. The power of the sacrifice will be enough for me to reach Heaven Essence Realm. I will even be able to push my own strength to the limit and comprehend the secrets of the Heavenly Daos. In the end, I will become an existence even more powerful than the Empress."

"Sacrifice Prince Gu Chensha. I'm afraid Concubine Ming won't be able to do this." Old Man Zhuang's tone also changed.

"What?"

Wu Dangkong clearly felt the change in Old Man Zhuang's tone. He looked over and said, "What are you saying? You're not loyal to me. Who are you?

But that's not important. I will capture you and refine you completely. Then, I will know everything. " Wu Dangkong looked at Old Man Zhuang like she was looking at an ant. To her, Old Man Zhuang was nothing at all.

As she spoke, she gently grabbed with her palm. She crossed the endless space and was about to pull Old Man Zhuang over and burn him into pills or treasures.

But at this moment, she realized that she couldn't use any of her power. The space around her seemed to be in a state of destruction. In this state, she couldn't use any of her power.

"What's going on? Heaven Sacrificial Talisman! "

Wu Dangkong activated the power of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. But at the next moment, her expression changed. She realized that she couldn't control the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. In this secret space, a figure appeared. It was Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha was dressed in embroidered robes. He looked like a seventeen or eighteen year old teenager. His appearance didn't change because of the passage of time. The Heavenly Dao and time seemed to fear him and submitted to him. They didn't dare to approach him at all. At this moment, anyone who saw Gu Chensha would think that he was invincible and immortal. He was truly immortal and the Heavenly Dao couldn't do anything to him.

After Gu Chensha appeared, he moved his palm slightly. Countless energy surged over. The Heaven Sacrificial Talisman exploded. The explosive energy reverberated continuously. Every time it exploded, Ming Fei Wu Dangkong's face turned pale.

After thirty-six consecutive echoes, Ming Feiwu spurted out a mouthful of blood. She could feel that she had lost control of the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, which was originally given to her by the Heavenly Dao, and was no longer related to her. She could no longer control this talisman. In other words, from now on, this talisman would no longer have any connection with her, it no longer belonged to her.

"Prehistoric Old Man, you've done well."

Gu Chensha grabbed the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman as a smile of reminiscence appeared on his face. It was as though he had regained his beloved toy.

He recalled the past. During the fourteenth year of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, he was fourteen years old. He obtained this talisman from the pile of old books in the royal palace. After that, he couldn't stop himself. Using this talisman to slay gods and devils, his cultivation speed increased and he obtained countless benefits. After that, this talisman flew away and landed in the hands of Wu Dangkong. However, his fate energy didn't decrease because of this. Instead, it rose steadily. He abandoned the Son of Heaven Investiture Art and created the [Mortal Life Mending Heaven Technique]. Finally, he created the [Dragonless Heart Sutra]. In the eyes of everyone, this talisman was extremely mysterious.

But in the eyes of Gu Chensha, there were no secrets to speak of. He had already completely refined the Desolate Dragon Sect that was on par with the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. Not to mention, half of the control over this talisman belonged to him.

"Wonderful."

Gu Chensha held the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman and calmed his emotions. "This talisman is indeed closely related to the Heavenly Dao. It is the most important token for the Heavenly Court to communicate with the Human Realm in the future. If the Human Realm is disobedient, the Heavenly Court will use this talisman to change its master. In the future, among the Divine Realm, Devil Realm, Demon Realm, Immortal Realm and various other realms, the Human Realm is the weakest. However, the Human Realm has the most variables and the greatest potential. It can pose a threat to the Heavenly Court. Because of this, the Heavenly Court wants to control the Human Realm while the Heavenly Court wants to weaken and control it. However, the Human Realm is indispensable to the Heavenly Court. The reason why the Heavenly Court can be so high and mighty, everlasting and indestructible is because of the sacrificial offerings in the Human Realm.

If the Human Realm is destroyed, the Heavenly Court will also lose its foundation and gradually fall. Therefore, the Human Realm is a double-edged sword for the Heavenly Court and the Heavenly Court. If the Human Realm is too strong, the Heavenly Court will feel threatened. If the Human Realm is too weak, it will not produce enough sacrificial offerings. The Heavenly Court will weaken, and the Heavenly Court will not be able to evolve further.

This talisman is the talisman of the Human Realm. It is also a seal and restraint. No wonder Father used the words' man conquers the heavens' to suppress this talisman. Now that this talisman is in my hands again, I will make this talisman a talisman that transcends the heavens. "

Gu Chensha knew that this talisman was the key to the Heavenly Court. Although he had lost it and regained it, it would still take a lot of time to completely refine it. The meaning of the words' man conquers the heavens' in this talisman could improve his Dragonless Heart Sutra. If he refined this treasure, he would become a Celestial Lord with a snap of his fingers. He kept the talisman and looked at Wu Dangkong. "Wu Dangkong, come with me." Reading, a better reading experience.