Chapter 959
===========

Dragonless Transmission Chapter 956 Dragonless Transmission

Gu Chensha watched as the "Hongling Sand" led many masters of the Everlasting World to open a passage and enter the human world.

The current human world was very tightly sealed, and there was also a strong power of the mortal world to pollute and block it, so the immortals didn't dare to enter, lest they were polluted and fall into the cycle of reincarnation.

At this time, the underworld in the human world had gradually stabilized. Gu Chensha saw that the deep and serene underworld below the human world had been divided into many levels. Each level was spacious, and all kinds of punishments and rewards had been arranged. There were also many Yin Gods, Impermanence, Soul Reapers, Ox-Head, Horse-Face, Judges, and so on. They had also begun to spread in the human world. They were in charge of the birth, aging, sickness, and death of the human world, and all the cycles of reincarnation. In addition, all kinds of True Gods had begun to spread in the human world.

Fire God, Water God, Earth God, Rain God, Thunder God, Wind God, and even Toilet God, Illumination God, Door God, Earth God, City God and so on, all began to participate in the management of the human world. In this way, it could be said that the Gods were three feet above their heads.

This situation strengthened the rule of the Heavenly Court, so that many demons, ghosts and evil things could not cause trouble, and people would not let their imagination run wild. Not only was the order of the Heavenly Court gradually stabilized, but it also produced a huge power of worship. In the deepest part of the sky of the human world, the Heavenly Court became more and more dazzling.

Gu Chensha knew that after the Heavenly Court established the human world and the order was stabilized, the most terrifying and powerful power could burst out in an instant.

"The Heavenly Court has some powerful things."

Lou Baiyue said: "The Heavenly Court and the underworld united, some small Gods control the mountains, families, towns and villages, and even cities and countries, to help the Heavenly Court maintain order and kill the demons. In addition, there are the sun, moon and stars in the sky constantly monitoring the heaven and earth, and the Yin God Soul Reaper of the underworld controls life and death reincarnation. There is power above, there is subservience below, the worship of the worship is endless. In a short period of time, it is much faster than our Everlasting World. " "Of course."

Gu Chensha said, "At this stage, the Mortal World is the main location of fate energy. Whoever controls the Mortal World will be able to temporarily control fate energy. Unfortunately, the Mortal World won't last long, it's just a fleeting matter. I will use my clone to follow the Grand Plume Sand.

Let's see how her state of mind changes. She's one of the biggest test subjects of the Dragonless Technique. Through her change, I can push the Dragonless Technique to the next level, the Ninth Level of Immortal Realm. "

As he spoke, a figure appeared in Gu Chensha's body. It directly left the Eternal World and entered the Human World, disappearing without a trace.

"This is the Human World …" At this moment, a group of people appeared in the Human World. They were the people from the Eternal World led by Hong Ling Sha.

"What a dense Human World energy. If we didn't have the Dragonless Technique to activate the Dragonless Qi to protect our bodies, we would definitely be greatly polluted and corroded. Not to mention Gods and Sages, even Heavenly Venerables, Heavenly Longevity Realm, and even Heaven Primordial Realm experts like me will be affected by the Human World and their cultivation will regress.

They will also be affected by the mortal world and their cultivation will regress. For example, cultivators at the 20th Transformation of the Dao Realm who have just cultivated magic, if they don't ascend to the Celestial World, they will collapse and fall into the cycle of reincarnation. They won't have any chance to rise back up. " Ancestor Hong Yun sighed.

"Moreover, I feel that the Heavenly Court, the Underworld, the mountains, the rivers, the plants, and the trees have formed a dense inescapable net that is rapidly expanding in the human world. Even the experts of the Sky Origin Stage might be discovered, because the sun, moon, and many stars in the sky are shining down and sweeping everywhere."

Hong Ling Sha said, "If I didn't have the Dragonless Technique, I'm afraid I would be discovered the moment I entered the Human World, which would lead to the siege of the Heavenly Court."

"Your Dragonless Technique is amazing. Even if you sneak into the Heavenly Court and do things under the eyes of the Emperor Of Heaven, the Emperor Of Heaven might not be discovered.

The Celestial Emperor won't necessarily be discovered. With that, we can spread our teachings and gather sacrifices. At the same time, we can find people with mutant essences and recruit them as our subordinates. "

"That's right. But we can't be impatient. Otherwise, we will become the main target of the Heavenly Court, and the gains will not make up for the losses.

Now that the Heavenly Court is gradually stabilizing, we can only hide in the dark and observe the changes.

I think that Immortal Master Gu Dao won't be satisfied and will definitely rebel. Once he does, it will be the best chance for us to expand. "Hong Ling Sha said.

"We landed in a remote place in the Human World. Look, this place is a bit behind the times. The technological civilization hasn't reached here, but it seems that there are gods stationed here." A Heaven Longevity Realm expert pointed to the front.

This place looked like a county town. The roads weren't very wide, and primitive carriages were used. The folk customs seemed to be that men farmed and women weaved. It seemed to be in the feudal era of the ancient dynasties.

It had been like this for decades in the Divine Central Continent. But when Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor established the Celestial Designer Institute and handed it over to Gu Chensha, it immediately exploded. Flying in the sky, teleportation, and skyscrapers rose in great numbers. It directly entered the era of the Immortal Dao and technology.

"Oh? It seems that a Soul-Reaping Emissary has appeared in that family's courtyard. "

Hong Ling Sha looked over and saw that the sky above the largest mansion in the county town seemed to be shrouded by a faint black aura. Then, there were two figures wandering around.

"Someone is about to die. The Soul-Reaping Emissary of the Underworld is preparing to bring the souls of the dead into the Underworld to judge good and evil. This is one of the rules established by the Heavenly Court," Ancestor Hong Yun said.

"Come, let's go take a look.

Since the creation of the world until now, there has never been such a situation in the original Heavenly Realm. After a person dies, their soul fuses with the world. There is no such thing as the Underworld. "A Celestial Master found this very novel.

"It's good to go take a look. Something doesn't seem right. Those two Soul-Reaping Emissaries are cowering and don't dare to go forward." Hong Ling Sha moved and arrived above the mansion.

Both the Soul-Reaping Emissaries and Hong Ling Sha's group were invisible to ordinary people. However, the Soul-Reaping Emissaries couldn't see Hong Ling Sha and the others at all.

The cultivation of these Soul-Reaping Emissaries was actually very low. They were only equivalent to people who had cultivated to the Ten Transformations of the Dao Realm. It was just that they had some kind of authority.

When the Grand Feather Sand reached the top of the house, they saw a young man lying inside. He seemed to have suffered a serious injury and was on the verge of death. However, he was chanting some scripture, and there was an invisible force that made the two Soul Reapers not dare to go down.

"Oh? Dragonless Heart Sutra? "

Hong Ling Sha heard it clearly. The scripture that the dying young man was chanting was actually some content of the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Of course, it was very shallow. Moreover, this young man didn't seem to have any cultivation and hadn't really cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra. He didn't know where he heard the Dragonless Heart Sutra's scripture and chanted it at the last moment. The Soul-Reaping Emissaries actually didn't dare to come down to reap the soul.

"Interesting, interesting. The Dragonless Heart Sutra actually has such great power?

Even if an ordinary person learned a few words and chanted it at the last moment, they wouldn't enter the cycle of reincarnation and would be able to hang on to their lives? Even the Soul-Reaping Emissaries can't do anything to him? "

Hong Ling Sha nodded to himself. "It seems like I have grasped some of the essence of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, but there are many mysteries within it that I haven't been able to comprehend." "Brother, what should we do?

This young man is clearly about to die. We came here to reap his soul, but he actually chanted this evil scripture. We can't get close at all. If we forcibly reap his soul, we might be shattered by the power of the evil scripture. This evil scripture is really too powerful. "A Soul-Reaping Emissary in white said anxiously.

"There's nothing we can do about it. The Heavenly Court has recently issued a decree. If my guess is correct, the evil scripture that this young man is chanting is the tumor that the Heavenly Court wants to eradicate. It's called the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

I don't know where this young man learned a few words of chants, but he can actually produce such great power.

Look, the injuries on his body are actually starting to heal gradually. Is he going to come back to life? This Dragonless Heart Sutra can regenerate flesh and bones from the dead?

Not falling into the cycle of reincarnation, undying and indestructible? "The Soul-Reaping Emissary in black said in shock.

"Rumor has it that the Dragonless Heart Sutra can develop the immortal power in the depths of one's heart, creating everything and transcending everything. This is a fallacious theory, but now it seems a little strange." The Soul-Reaping Emissary in white said, "We have to report this matter to the higher-ups." "Alright!" Immediately, the two Soul-Reaping Emissaries sent out their message talismans.

Immediately, a chilly wind blew, and from the Underworld, another Yin God in official robes appeared.

"Greetings, Your Excellency." The Soul-Reaping Emissary immediately knelt down.

"I've received your report. This matter is not a big deal, but it's not a small one either."

The Yin God in official robes said, "This Dragonless Heart Sutra's Poison Stream is so great that ordinary people can actually resist the jurisdiction of reincarnation just by learning a few words.

Preposterous! This young man doesn't have any misdeeds in his life, but some time ago, he obtained a copy from god knows where. The copy recorded some scattered scriptures of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and he inadvertently recited it, reciting it before he died. " "Your Excellency, what should we do now?" The Soul-Reaping Emissary asked.

"I've already reported this matter to the heavens.

Look, the Thunder General under the command of the Heavenly King of Reform is here, "the Yin God in official robes said. As he spoke, a dark cloud floated over from the sky, and a golden god appeared in the dark cloud. Of course, ordinary people could only see the dark cloud, and not the god.

"Judge, there's actually someone who cultivates the Dragonless Heart Sutra in your realm. You're guilty."

The golden god said, "I'm a god under the command of the Heavenly King of Reform, under the command of the Heavenly Thunder Marshal, under the command of the Divine General Zhen Guang, under the command of the Disciplinary Officer. Send down divine punishment to destroy the evil scripture. We must not allow it to spread. " Rumble!

As the golden god spoke, he waved his hand, and a huge bolt of lightning came crashing down, intending to turn the courtyard into dust. The people inside would be directly destroyed, and they wouldn't even be able to enter reincarnation.