Chapter 125
===========

"The people of the immortal dao aren't high and mighty. There are people who only care about profit. As long as you're stronger than them, they'll submit to you. That's nothing."

However, there was a hint of disdain on Shi Zhongchan's face. "However, the people of the ancient seventy-two immortal dao sects still have some pride and arrogance. They are high and mighty, but some of the smaller immortal dao sects have joined the Imperial Court in recent years. Father has also recruited quite a few of them. The clans behind the other princes have also relied on the prestige of the Imperial Court to recruit many of them.

"Does that mean you have a way to recruit people of the immortal dao for me, brother?"

Gu Chensha's heart stirred, and he took out two golden bottles. "I've been busy these past few days and forgot to give you a gift in return. I hope you can bring these two Seven Sage Heart Pills to you, and use them yourself." "No, no, that's too precious. Besides, I already have a Violet Blood Rejuvenation Pill. It's the same as having another life. "

Shi Zhongchan jumped in fright. "Your Highness, do you know how many sets of Horned Dragon Armor a Seven Sage Heart Pill can be exchanged for? Tens of thousands, more than that.

Those old fellows of the Celestial Designer Institute all want to hear the ancient Seven Sages expound on the dao. They're willing to pay any price for this pill. "

The ancient Seven Sages were the Literature Saint, the Martial Saint, the War Saint, the Engineering Saint, the Farming Saint, the Dharma Saint, and the Brahma Saint. These seven had once worked together to expound on the dao, enlightening all life. During the expounding, skyfiends, evil gods, and monsters had all been afraid that the seven gods had enlightened humanity, and had attacked.

But the combined power of the Seven Sages was almost limitless, dispelling all evil. At their core, the dao had formed this pill.

However, some evil gods had stolen many of these pills, and the rest had been divided among the ancient sects. They'd long since been used up.

"This pill is perfect for you, Your Highness."

Gu Chensha forced it into Shi Zhongchan's hands. "If you don't use it, it'll be a waste to keep it. Besides, I hope you'll support me in the future." "Since Brother has said so, I won't refuse."

Although Shi Zhong Chan's heart was as calm as still water, when faced with this pill, it really wasn't easy for him to let it go. He was well aware of the mysteriousness of this pill. "I won't treat Prince as an outsider. In the future, I will definitely help Prince with strategies, train troops, and manage your lands. I'm not afraid that the court will say that our Shi Family is in cahoots with Prince. Actually, this is the Emperor's intention. When the Emperor reviewed my father's memorials, he asked my father to take care of Prince. It seems that the Emperor has the intention to cultivate Prince." "I see."

In fact, Gu Chensha had already guessed that Marquis Dashi wanted to befriend him and help him. It must be the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's intention. Otherwise, these Marquises wouldn't take special care of a certain prince.

If it was in the past, the nobles would have to think of a way out for themselves and submit to a certain prince. But now, the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor was almost indestructible. All they had to do was follow the Emperor closely.

Even Gu Chensha couldn't see through Shi Zhong Chan's cultivation and he had never seen him attack. But when he spoke, he was really carefree and looked down on the world.

"Brother, may I know what Earth Step your cultivation is at now?" Gu Chensha probed.

"Me?"

Shi Zhong Chan didn't hide anything, "I am at the seventh transformation of the Dao Realm and have yet to form the Samadhi True Flame."

"Elder Brother's cultivation is actually so high." Gu Chensha was a little shocked. This kind of cultivation was extremely powerful even among the princes.

"This isn't much. The Shi Family has been doted on by the Emperor for many years and we have obtained many treasures. I have also benefited from his kindness." Shi Zhong Chan smiled.

"Then, who do you think has the strongest cultivation out of all of us?" Gu Chensha wanted to hear his opinion.

"Of course, it is the 4th Highness."

Shi Zhongchan didn't hide anything. "Others think that His Highness Fourth is sloppy and ordinary, but in reality, His Highness Fourth's cultivation has long since reached a mysterious and unfathomable realm. He charged into the demon lair alone, came and left with ease amidst the gathering of demons, and is more than a hundred times stronger than me. As for the 2nd Highness, the 7th Highness, and the 2nd Highness, they are all similar. Next would be the 3rd Highness, 10th Highness, and 19th Highness. As for the other highnesses, they aren't much. " "What about Lou Baiyue?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Baiyue is really special. Based on cultivation, she is a little weak. Her talent is the highest but she isn't at the top level. However, the Emperor has high hopes for her and wants to nurture her. The Emperor's eyes aren't wrong." Shi Zhong Chan didn't understand.

"I heard that the Legalist School has a true expert called Fa Wuxian. Have you seen him before?" Gu Chensha asked.

"This person is really strong."

Shi Zhong Chan's expression immediately became stern, "He is a true genius of the Legalist School. He can learn any martial art the moment he learns it and master it the moment he uses it. He doesn't even need to learn anything. He can see the flaws in his opponent's martial art and defeat them with one strike. Some people even say that he is a Born Saint. "

"Born Saint? That's too much." Gu Chensha couldn't help but laugh, "If he is a Born Saint, then what is Father?" "The Emperor is an existence that surpasses the Child of Destiny."

Shi Zhongchan analyzed, "Actually, His Majesty once had the Celestial Designer Institute conduct a very deep study of a person's aptitude. After that, they made a classification. They are divided into the Foolish Man, the Slightly Talented, the Average Talented, the Superior Talented, the Genius, the Unparalleled Genius, and then the Innate Saint.

"There's such a classification? What's the reasoning behind it?" Gu Chensha was a little interested.

"This is what the Celestial Designer Institute came up with after studying numerous people from ancient times."

Shi Zhong Chan was really interested, "For this, a few old fellows from the Celestial Designer Institute created a Wisdom Light Circle to test one's talent. In the end, the Emperor stopped it. He said that if the commoners were to be judged based on talent, then that would be too unfair. Even normal people have areas that geniuses can't compare to." Gu Chensha thought about his own clumsy fist and realized that it wasn't like that? A fist that gave hope to all the fools in the world. But he was really interested in such a classification. Who knew what grade he would be?

"Actually, Seventh Highness was secretly measured. He only has High Talented and can't even be considered a genius."

Shi Zhong Chan said, "But Seventh Highness's cultivation is at the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body. Many geniuses can't pass this hurdle, but he did. One can see that geniuses aren't absolute." "I am probably just average."

Gu Chensha thought about it, "Grand Tutor Wen Hong is the Son of Destiny. In the past, when the Son of Destiny appeared, the gods would retreat and the celestials would bow down to him. But he had no way to fight back against Father."

"Your Highness, I've made a plan for you. First, each of your five thousand subordinates must have Horned Dragon Armor and Fire Talisman Spears. They must be fully equipped. Shi Tie will customize a set of Savage Battle Tactics for them."

Shi Zhong Chan made up his mind, "Apart from that, King also needs to store large amounts of Energy Raising Pills and Energy Purifying Pills. Those are the foundations of battle. Of course, the Battle Technique Wine is even better."

"I will store all of that." Gu Chensha knew that equipment, weapons, and grain were essential for a soldier.

"Secondly, it would be best if King can get treasures."

Shi Zhong Chan said, "Although this castle is strong and can block many experts, if one is really strong, like someone who has reached Dao Realm Seven Transformation and can fly, then most of the traps here would be useless." "What treasures?" Gu Chensha asked right away.

"Top aristocratic families and sects all have really strong killing formations protecting them."

Shi Zhong Chan said, "For example, the Legalist Faction's Judgement Formation is formed by 108 flags. Once it is activated, space will reverse and any strong person who enters will die. Also, the Lightning Family's formation is called Lightning Emperor Dragon Slaying Formation. It is formed by 36 lightning swords and after it is activated, lightning flames will rumble all around. Even the Nine Transformation Glass Body will shatter upon touching it."

"Such a formation was formed over thousands of years. It would be tough for my land to have one." Gu Chensha obviously knew how amazing such a formation was.

"Actually, the Xuanwu Out of Water Feng Shui is split into nine palaces. It itself is a formation but it lacks treasures. Look at the turtle shell, there are nine palaces. Now, it is empty. "

Shi Zhong Chan pointed at the nine protruding spots on the castle. They were similar to beacons and were really strong. Standing on them, one could see every corner of the castle, "In ancient times, Xuanwu went out to sea and had nine palaces on its back. Each one had a treasure and they were split into Ocean Calming Pearl, Mountain Ocean Diagram, Power Hammer, Star Absorbing Tower, Nine Yang Whip, Mysterious Flame Lamp, Wave Sword, Sunset Bow, and Sun Shooting Arrow.

Of course, these were supreme treasures from a long time ago. If one could obtain them, then basically no one would be able to break through this castle. But now, these treasures can be replicated. Although they aren't even a thousandth of the original, they are still really strong. But when Celestial Craftsman Institute built them, they didn't install them for you. "

"These nine treasures are really valuable. Even if they are replicas, it will cost a lot to remake them." Gu Chensha thought about it, "Celestial Craftsman Institute should feel like they are taking a loss."

"That's right. Celestial Craftsman Institute doesn't deceive people. In order to remake these nine treasures, they need to be extremely powerful. Once they are all placed in this castle, they will activate the soul of the Xuanwu. This soul has many transformations and is extremely powerful. It can fly through the air, search for enemies, kill them, and capture them."

Shi Zhong Chan said, "Your Highness, if you still have the Seven Sages Heart Refinement Pill, you can have Celestial Craftsman Institute secretly refine it for you. Only then will this castle truly be stable and indestructible.

Furthermore, when cultivating, everyone will be strengthened by the power of the Xuanwu. Breathing in and out will have its own benefits. "

"Senior Brother," Gu Chensha said, "don't tell me you haven't noticed that there's something special about this castle?"