Chapter 873
===========

One Second to Remember 09, providing you with exciting reading. Chapter 870: All Endless

Gu Chensha now had 22 of the 36 Endless Treasures. In the beginning, he obtained the Infinity Umbrella from Fa Wuxian. Then, he obtained the seven Infinity Treasures of the Great Fen Heavenly King, making him eight. Then, he obtained Wen Hong's Infinity Cauldron, making him nine.

After that, he also obtained the 12 Infinity Treasures of the Three Ministers, Eight Marquises, and Fang Lin. In this way, he had 21 Infinity Treasures. In addition to the Infinity Heart, he had 22 Infinity Treasures. Therefore, there were 14 Infinity Treasures left.

Jing Qiu's Boundless River, Gu Zhan's Boundless Sword, Gu Changjian's Boundless Sword, and Boundless Blade had already been revealed. Following that, there were 11 more Boundless Treasures that had yet to be revealed. Gu Chensha wanted to collect all 14 Infinity Treasures and put them into his body. The 36 Infinity Treasures were the key to controlling the Heaven Realm.

From Gu Chensha's point of view, the throne of the Emperor Heaven, the land of the Divine Land, and the entire Heaven Realm were closely related to each other. Everything was in the 36 Infinity Treasures.

If the Heaven Realm was condensed, it would be an existence similar to the warship of the prehistoric civilization. It was not much different from the warship of the prehistoric civilization at its peak. Of course, it was now far more powerful than the warship of the prehistoric civilization.

After all, the warship of the prehistoric civilization had encountered a catastrophe, and its strength was less than one ten-thousandth of its original strength. And the Heaven Realm was now at its peak. Gu Chensha had already regarded the Heaven Realm as a magic treasure. In addition to collecting the Four Wilds, his greatest plan was to refine the Heaven Realm as well. At this moment, his vision had surpassed countless great existences. Whoosh! His incarnation landed in the land of the Divine Land.

This was because he had already predicted the birth of the Infinity Treasures. After devouring the Infinity Heart, he had already integrated all the essence of the Infinity Treasures into his Dragonless Heart Sutra. In an instant, he could sense many subtle existences of the Infinity Treasures.

Landing in the "Fazhou City" of the Divine Land, Gu Chensha's avatar waved his hand. A crystal cracked open, and two people rolled out. One was the Ancestor of Heaven and Earth, and the other was naturally the Immortal Lord.

"How do the two of you feel?" Gu Chensha smiled and asked, "Are the two of you still not submitting to me? When would he wait to submit to the imperial court?

'Patriarch Heaven and Earth, the reason why I haven't destroyed the Black Heaven and Earth Gate yet is because I want all of you to submit to me and worship me so that I can make up for my mistakes.'

Right now, I am preparing to directly collect the Four Desolates. To you, the power of the Four Desolates might be inconceivable, but to me, it is nothing at all. If you don't submit, then don't blame me for demoting you to mortals. "

Gu Chensha wasn't threatening him. He just said it with a smile, as if it was a joke between friends.

However, Patriarch Heaven and Earth and the Immortal Master were terrified when they heard that. They could already tell that Gu Chensha's strength and cultivation base were no longer something they could resist. Even though they were Heavenly Longevity Realm cultivators, they felt like children facing a true god in front of Gu Chensha. He could do whatever he wanted to him.

"Gu Chensha, what level has your strength reached?" Patriarch Heaven and Earth asked after a moment of silence.

"A level that you can't understand."

Gu Chensha said casually, "For example, the Taiyi Mystical Sect has been following me for a long time. I'll give them a big gift now."

As he spoke, streams of light gathered around Gu Chensha. After three breaths' worth of time, they condensed into a human figure. The human figure exuded a formidable aura. It was as though he had been resurrected from the dead. [0↑ 9 △ Small ↓ Say △ Net .09 】

"Heavenly Lord Taiyi!" Patriarch Heaven and Earth exclaimed.

"Yes, Heavenly Lord Taiyi, the ancestor of the Taiyi Mystical Sect. I've resurrected their ancestor," Gu Chensha said, "Heavenly Lord Taiyi, have you digested the memory that I've passed to you?" "Thank you, Your Highness."

After Heavenly Lord Taiyi was resurrected, a look of realization appeared on his face. "Your Highness has protected our Taiyi Mystical Sect all these years, making our orthodoxy more and more powerful.

I've already understood that it's meaningless to maintain our orthodoxy. It's better to integrate into the Yongchō and make Taiyi Mystical Sect the world, the imperial court, and a part of the country. "

"If that's the case, it doesn't mean that your Taiyi Mystical Sect will disappear. Taiyi Mystical Sect can be a clan, a group, and a group under the imperial court," Gu Chensha said, "These are some methods of the prehistoric civilization. We can learn from them." "Yes!

I'll arrange it right now so that Taiyi Mystical Sect can complete the conversion from ideology to reality. "

Old Man Taiyi bowed towards Gu Chensha and took a deep look at Patriarch Heaven and Earth. "Patriarch Heaven and Earth, we've fought against each other for a long time, but we were used by the three Heavenly Lords. Now that the three Heavenly Lords have been subdued and become the spies of the imperial court, what else can you struggle for?" After saying that, he left to reorganize Taiyi Mystical Sect.

"I'm willing to submit to you."

Patriarch Heaven and Earth knew that the current situation was more powerful than him. Gu Chensha's power made him feel extremely desperate. He used to be a prehistoric magnate even earlier than the three Heavenly Lords. After being resurrected, he got rid of the restraint of the Lord of Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, and established a great alliance. But now, this alliance was easily destroyed by Gu Chensha. It was already shattered, causing him to feel disheartened. As he spoke, Patriarch Heaven and Earth knelt down sincerely and began to worship.

"Very good, that's not bad."

Gu Chensha sensed the power of Patriarch Heaven and Earth's worship. "You're sensible. Now that you've submitted to me, hurry up and go back to preside over the entire Heavenly Sect of Heaven and Earth joining the imperial court, pacifying and suppressing the hearts of the people in Heavenly Sect of Heaven and Earth. Three days, I'll only give you three days. If you can't pacify the hearts of the people in Heavenly Sect of Heaven and Earth, even all the Heavenly Sects in East Wilderness, I'll extract your cultivation base and create a king of people to preside over this.

"Yes, yes, yes …" Patriarch Heaven and Earth hurriedly nodded and disappeared in a flash.

Finally, it was the Immortal Lord's turn. Gu Chensha looked at her. "How about it, Immortal Lord? Are you going to resist stubbornly?" "Do I even have the ability to resist now?

Even the prehistoric civilization behind me was almost captured by you. I think that the prehistoric civilization won't be able to escape from your hands sooner or later. But now, I'm afraid you guys aren't so optimistic either. The Heavenly Dao has given up its supervision over the infinite worlds, and the world of chaos has truly descended. Even I feel like I've lost a lot of restraints. If I continue cultivating like this, I'll definitely break through to Divine Primordial Realm.

I also have a feeling that the people with the bloodline of the Divine Prefecture in your country will also cultivate to an extremely high realm. Perhaps in one or two years, there will be a large number of God-level experts, Saints, and even Heavenly Venerables. Those experts won't be restrained by you at all. When the world is in chaos, what will you do? Unless you suppress your cultivation, I think there will be internal problems. " "I've thought about this a long time ago."

Gu Chensha said to the Immortal Lord, "That's not something you need to think about. You have two choices now. One is to submit, and the other is to be demoted. I'll give you three breaths' time because I don't have that much time to waste on you. "

"Alright, I choose …" The Immortal Lord seemed to have made up his mind. "I choose to become a normal person! I will never submit. Kill me if you have the guts. " "Good. You're determined."

Gu Chensha was a little surprised. He looked at the Immortal Lord and said, "It seems like you don't have high hopes for us. You don't have high hopes for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor either. You still have high hopes for the Emperor Of Heaven." "That's right, Gu Chensha. Your imperial court has a fatal weakness," the Immortal Lord said.

"As you wish."

Gu Chensha couldn't be bothered to say anything more to the Immortal Lord. Since she had made her own choice, then he would strip her of everything. As he spoke, Gu Chensha pointed with his finger.

Suddenly, a light wrapped around the Immortal Lord. A pained expression appeared on the Immortal Lord's face. All of her cultivation was extracted in an instant.

In just a few blinks of an eye, the immortal lord had turned into a frail woman. She had transformed from a powerful primordial creature that had dominated the ancient world for countless years into a mortal woman without any cultivation base.

Then, the extracted cultivation turned into the Immortal Lord, but she was the Common Life King. It was just like how Gu Chensha refined the North Star Emperor and turned it into the Common Life King.

"Immortal Lord, this is the real you. You're just a coward now."

Gu Chensha pointed at the Common Life King who looked exactly like the Immortal Lord and said, "You're even more cowardly than the Heaven and Earth Patriarch. I can't imagine it."

"The Heaven and Earth Patriarch is the real coward. I can see the real situation in the future. Even you don't understand. No, actually, you know you're going to fail, but you still want to die. You hold on. I'd rather lose all my cultivation than to follow your bad example. That's the real secret of the highest level." The Immortal Lord didn't show any weakness. "Gu Taxian's actions are destined to fail." "You should reflect on yourself as an ordinary person for a period of time."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. The Immortal Lord felt the world spin. When she opened her eyes, she found herself in a courtyard.

There were many ordinary people living in the courtyard. She saw Chu Feng immediately. He was the Heavenly King of Jin.

The current Chu Feng had no power. He only had some simple martial arts. When he saw the Immortal Lord, he couldn't help but laugh maniacally, "Who would've thought that your cultivation would be crippled too, Immortal Lord? That Gu Chensha is really crazy. He won't even let off his own people?

But don't worry. As long as he doesn't kill us, we'll have a chance to return to our peak. Seems like you're extremely loyal to the Emperor Of Heaven. The Emperor Of Heaven has already been born. He won't mistreat you. " Mobile users, please browse M. Read for a better reading experience.