Chapter 304
===========

"It seems the Heavenly Daos have really changed. The Celestial Talisman Thearch is truly invincible. Even the Lord of Myriad Stars can't compare to him, much less the Lord of Seven Stars." Zhuge Ya understood what was going on. Jin Suibo's face was filled with shock. He was now the Lord of Five Stars and quickly understood what had happened to Gu Chensha.

However, since he knew this, it meant he had truly become the core of the Celestial Calmness Bureau. He was trusted by Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue.

"The Vermilion Bird has hatched, and its bloodline has fused with King Chen's. King Chen now has the bloodline of the Sunmoon Dragon, the Vermilion Bird's fire-elemental bloodline, and the Black Tortoise's water-elemental bloodline."

Zhuge Ya said, "Water and fire complement each other. King Chen's cultivation will be boundless in the future."

"Then let's refine the Skydemon Tome. The Dragon Gate has almost fused with the Buzhou Palace. As long as we fuse the Skydemon Tome, we'll have a cornerstone treasure. The Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird can enter to cultivate and control the tome. We can even use the treasure to break through the void." Gu Chensha urged his Yuan Spirit into the Dragon Gate. At this time, the six existences activated their power and linked it together. Vermilion Bird and Black Tortoise. Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha. Jin Suibo and Zhuge Ya.

The six existences fused their powers together and sent them into the dragon's gate. The immense power from the depths of the dragon's gate poured into the depths of Buzhou Palace, causing it to squirm more and more intensely. Suddenly, it transformed into billions of runes. At that moment, the dragon's gate also transformed into runes. Countless runes fused together and finally, it transformed into a runic vortex that frantically absorbed the Skyfey Book's power.

The Yuan Qi in the Skydemon Tome was in a state of chaos. It happened to be absorbed by the runic vortex formed by the Dragon Gate and Buzhou Palace. Gradually, the Skydemon Tome was also fused into the runic vortex.

Under the power of the Death Immunity Talisman, the Skydemon Book also began to melt, turning into runes. Countless runes turned into space, and each rune was a space.

If not for Li Wanlong, the sect leader of the Black Heaven Earth Sect, and the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, the Sky Demon Book might not have been melted. Moreover, the Death Immunity Talisman was added into the mix.

Zhuge Ya and the others used all their strength to activate the rune whirlpool formed by Bu Zhou Palace and Dragon Gate. The combined power of the six experts was terrifying.

Furthermore, the Buzhou Palace and the Dragon's Gate had absorbed the high-level energy in the Book of Heaven Demon. They had completely fused together and turned into a supreme treasure.

This treasure itself was a supreme treasure. As long as one activated it with their primordial spirit, they could even activate the power of space within it.

When the six experts activated the Buzhou Palace, the profound mysteries of the Buzhou Palace and the Dragon Gate could be unleashed to the fullest.

The Bu Zhou Palace itself was used to balance energy and suppress vital energy. The Dragon Gate was used to absorb and spit out changes, operating endlessly.

Gu Chensha had always wanted to combine them, but it was a pity that he didn't succeed. Now, he finally did it. The two great magic treasures were perfectly combined and refined.

"Mend the Heavens, change heaven and earth."

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue looked at one another. The Common People Mend the Heaven Technique and the Common People Mend the Heaven Technique merged together to mend the flaws of the Heavenly Dao and change the fate of the Heavenly Dao. They were in opposition, but they complemented one another.

The foundations of these two great Daoist magics were the Son of Heaven God Seal Art and the Great Massacre God Magic. They were the two most powerful techniques in the world, and Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue had combined them into magical treasures.

At this moment, the Dragon Gate and Buzhou Palace's runes swallowed large amounts of high-level energy and started to transform, forming brand new treasures. This treasure didn't look like the Dragon Gate or the Buzhou Palace.

Instead, it looked like a ball. Black and white energy flowed within, like chaos. It contained numerous changes, the birth and death of stars, and the changes of living beings.

"We have finally refined the Dragon Gate and Buzhou Palace into a brand new transcendent artifact. It is imbued with both our willpower." Lou Baiyue said, "What do you think we should call this new transcendent artifact?"

"We made a wish for all living beings in the world. If the Heavenly Dao is lacking, common people will mend it. If the Heavenly Dao falls, common people will change. Let's call this treasure Common People's Wish."

The moment Gu Chensha said this, it contained his own Dao and essence. The ball changed and gave off all sorts of light.

"What a good Common People's Wish."

Zhuge Ya bowed towards Gu Chensha, "King really cares about the world. Such ambition, the Heavenly Dao can change it."

"Once this Common People's Wish is formed and fused into the Book of Heavenly Demon, the six of us will activate it. Even the old antiques won't be able to break it. We can protect ourselves." Gu Chensha circulated the Common People's Wish sphere, wrapping it around the Book of Heavenly Demon, trying to fuse it.

That day, he, The Fourth, Lou Baiyue, and the baby Black Tortoise forcefully opened the Book of Heavenly Demon and were almost absorbed by the Heavenly Demon's black hole. Later, they were stopped by Aunt Hu.

But today, their cultivation levels had increased a lot, and with Zhuge Ya and Jin Suibo, the Book of Heavenly Demon had been broken by three Sage-level experts.

After breaking it, the power entered the Dragon Gate and Buzhou Palace, forming the Common People's Wish sphere. This sphere's mysteriousness far surpassed the original Dragon Gate and Buzhou Palace.

The Life's Wish magic treasure was infused with the power of three Saint-level experts, and the two magic treasures were forcibly fused together.

Be it Li Wanlong, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, or the Black Heaven Earth Sect Master, their power could easily open up the void, create Divine Nations, and create things with a flick of their fingers.

Their realms were at the Sage-level, and they could be on par with ancient Sages. They even surpassed some Gods.

The fusion of these three powers, coupled with the many shattered Demon souls in the Book of Heavenly Demon, and even a power in the center that contained rich Earth nomological laws.

Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, and the others could sense that this Earth nomological law belonged to the North Star Empire.

The Earth nomological law was in the center. Be it the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, or Black Tortoise, none of them existed. Only the Demon Progenitor, the North Star Empire, could grasp the Earth nomological law.

The Earth nomological law represented a kind of bearing, a kind of vitality, a kind of reproduction, and a kind of benevolence.

"Absorb, Book of Heavenly Demon!"

Everyone activated the power of their Essence Souls, causing the sphere of Common People's Wish to unleash even greater power. It was about to envelop the entire Book of Heavenly Demon.

However, at this moment, a vast and unmoving aura erupted from the deepest part of the Book of Heavenly Demon. It completely resisted the suction of the sphere of Common People's Wish.

"This is the North Star Empire's will!"

Gu Chensha's expression changed, and Zhuge Ya also revealed a solemn expression. "I didn't expect the North Star Empire's will to still be inside, resisting our refinement!"

"Could it be that none of the three powers could completely open the core of the Book of Heavenly Demon?" Lou Baiyue once again felt that her refinement of the Book of Heavenly Demon was obstructed. Buzz …

An aura came from the Book of Heavenly Demon again, and a figure appeared. It was a woman with nine tails behind her, blooming like a peacock spreading its tail. It was Aunt Hu again.

"Everyone, you won't be able to refine the Book of Heavenly Demon. The North Star Empire's will is in the deepest part of the core," Aunt Hu said.

"Aunt Hu."

Zhuge Ya spoke up. "You know the current situation. Do you really think the imperial court can't do anything about the Book of Heavenly Demon? The North Star Empire only has a bit of will and nomological laws in it. It's far from its former strength. He's already fallen, and it'll be extremely difficult for him to recover.

"Lord of Seven Stars, even if it's as you said, the North Star Empire is currently in a deep slumber, and it'll be difficult for him to recover, you want to take this book? That's the same as robbing us of our lives. How can we comply? I'd rather die in glory than live in dishonor. "Aunt Hu looked at Zhuge Ya with fear.

Zhuge Ya was now the Lord of Seven Stars. He had completely fused with his Primordial Spirit, and his cultivation had reached the Eighteen Transformation Great Dao Golden Core level. No one dared to look down on him.

His cultivation speed was far faster than anyone could imagine. It wasn't strange for him to advance a level in just a few months. His future achievements would definitely not be inferior to the North Star Empire at its peak. In all of history, the Lord of Seven Stars had only appeared once.

Afterwards, she assisted the Son of Heaven in suppressing the Divine Prefecture's number one fiend. Afterwards, she disappeared without a trace.

Now that she had been reborn, she carried with her an unparalleled, invincible destiny. Even Aunt Hu instinctively feared her.

"We have to refine the Book of Heavenly Demon."

Zhuge Ya was extremely unyielding. "However, you and the North Star Empire can rely on our Calming Immortal Department. Doesn't the North Star Empire want to recover? Our Calming Immortal Department can definitely help him. " "How can I trust you?" Aunt Hu retorted.

"As the Lord of Seven Stars, I relied on the Calming Immortal Department and finally succeeded in fusing the mysteries of the seven stars with my Primordial Spirit. I became a true Innate Saint. The Calming Immortal Department did everything in their power to help me, and didn't plot against me at all. Our imperial court is righteous, and our laws govern the changes of heaven and earth. There's no need for your speculations."

Zhuge Ya brought up his own example. "I said it's possible. As long as we become friends, the Calming Immortal Department will accept you. Our strength can help the North Star Empire recover.

You can also see our potential. In eight or ten years, you can guess how strong we'll be. You've also seen how powerful the Death-Exemption Talisman is, and Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman is still here. We have the support of a powerful force. "

Zhuge Ya was filled with confidence. As he spoke, his words were filled with an unparalleled grandeur. That was inevitable. The Lord of Seven Stars was just that tyrannical.

Fa Wuxian was a Innate Saint, and Zhuge Ya's talent was twice his. This level of tyranny didn't count for much.

"Aunt Hu, there's nothing you can do to us right now."

Gu Chensha said, "As long as you join us, you'll be a member of the Calming Immortal Department. The imperial court will protect you." Aunt Hu looked at the lineup in front of her. The Vermilion Bird, the Black Tortoise. Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, Jin Suibo, and Zhuge Ya.

These existences were all invincible. It was difficult for any profound orthodox sect to produce a single one of them in thousands of years. Now, they were all gathered together. After a long time, Aunt Hu said, "Since that's the case, I have no choice but to join you."

"Then you and the North Star Empire will come out of the Heavenly Demon Tome. We'll refine it." Zhuge Ya waved his hand. "That's the only way to show your sincerity."

"The North Star Empire and I are only left with our consciousnesses. We need the Heavenly Demon Tome's protection. Otherwise, our souls will scatter. If we had divine abilities, we would've left long ago. Why would we be at your mercy?"