Chapter 327
===========

She was the chief minister and the Regent of the Imperial Court. She would be informed of the news immediately.

"What? A decree to confer Gu Xuansha as the Crown Prince? Prepare for the ceremony? "Wu Dangkong looked at Gu Xuansha in disbelief. Gu Xuansha seemed to get the news too. She looked a little excited.

"What do you think? I'm right, right? The position of the Crown Prince must be mine. "

Gu Xuansha said, "I'm the strongest among all the princes. Although Nineteenth Prince and The Fourth are doing well, their cultivation is still much lower than mine." "Really? I think Gu Chensha's cultivation is not weaker than yours. "

Wu Dangkong's heart was spinning rapidly. This thing happened so suddenly that she was still not mentally prepared.

Although she did not have absolute power in the court, she had a righteous reputation. Now there was a Crown Prince. What would happen?

"Your Highness, you won't object to me being the Crown Prince, will you?"

Gu Xuansha seemed to see through her mind. "Nineteenth Prince's cultivation is indeed high and he is somewhat powerful. But if I fight with him one-on-one, he will definitely die." "What about Zhuge Ya?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"I can't do anything to Zhuge Ya, but I can recruit him." Gu Xuansha was very confident.

"Why are you so confident?

Do you really think you have power after becoming the Crown Prince? "Wu Dangkong did not believe it at all." By the way, are we still here? You should go back to accept the congratulations of the officials. " "That's the only way. The key is to go back and become the Crown Prince."

Gu Xuansha sighed. "This time, the plan was flawless, but Gu Chensha suddenly had a god-like power in his body. He refined the monster of 20 changes, causing us to fail at the last step."

"He won't be able to take advantage of us for a while. Let's go back and do the important things. It's still not too late to come back." Wu Dangkong was still thinking about how to suppress Gu Xuansha in the court, so that he would not take away her power. Whoosh!

Gu Xuansha couldn't wait either. The position of crown prince was very important to him. It was a righteous title. If anything happened to Fu Fu the Great, he could immediately ascend the throne and control the world. This was more important than anything else. Wu Dangkong flew up with him and disappeared in an instant.

"I've gained some benefits in the Bottomless Sea of Sin. At least I've captured demons and completed the Great Sacrifice of the Heavenly Abode. My cultivation has improved several times. Gu Xuansha wants to seize power from me. I won't let him go. Direct sacrifice?

After he becomes the Crown Prince, he has a strong Emperor's Qi. It can be said that he has gathered the Great Luck of Heaven and Earth. If I sacrifice him in the future, I'm afraid my cultivation will be improved to a terrifying level, just like those old antiques. "Wu Dangkong thought of many plans in a flash.

After Wu Dangkong and Gu Xuansha left, Gu Chensha secretly breathed a sigh of relief. "They finally left. If they attacked me together, it would be difficult for me to resist. Especially Wu Dangkong, he also has the power of time and space. I'm definitely not his match in a one-on-one fight. But now that Gu Xuansha has become the Crown Prince, things may not be easy in the future." He had received the news from Zhuge Ya. Swish! He returned to his Touch of Ghost and God again.

At this time, five figures appeared. They landed directly in the depths of the canopy and showed their bodies. When the five saw Gu Chensha, they hurriedly knelt. "Greetings, Your Highness."

"Very good. You have indeed merged your Primordial Spirits with the Five Seasons Divine Sword. At this moment, your Primordial Spirits are so strong that you can fight a Jindan Great Path cultivator. Any one of you alone can kill a Jindan Great Path cultivator." Gu Chensha already knew everything that had happened in the feudal lands.

"Your Highness, this is the blood of the God of Five Seasons that Mister Zhuge has refined. If Your Highness fuses it into your body, you will be able to master the profound meaning of the Five Seasons. Heaven and Earth Follow." The five of them took out a talisman.

The talisman immediately transformed into Zhuge Ya's form. This was a manifestation of spiritual power.

Zhuge Ya waved his hand, and five beams of light flew into Gu Chensha's body. Suddenly, Gu Chensha's Sea of Energy and Sea of Consciousness revealed the true meaning of the Five Seasons.

"Mister Zhuge, you have used this spiritual power manifestation to oversee my Touch of Ghost and God. It can also strengthen the cultivation of this manifestation of yours."

Gu Chensha was overjoyed. He knew that Zhuge Ya had already cultivated to the Twenty Changes of Gathering and Dispersing. His spiritual power could form a manifestation at will, and he could move independently.

"This Touch of Ghost and God is not to be underestimated. It is the number one treasure among the Sky Demon secret techniques. After mastering it, thousands of transformations can be performed at will. I will oversee it and study the transformations of the Primordial Tree with Your Highness. Perhaps we can learn some of the secrets of the Primordial Divine Body." Zhuge Ya said, "Your Highness, please rest assured and go fight in the Demon Area." "If that is the case, I am completely at ease."

Gu Chensha knew that with Liu Yu's group and Zhuge Ya here, he could definitely go explore the Demon Area.

"If that is the case, I will go to the Demon Area to capture demons. In the midst of battle, I will truly refine the power of time and space and the bloodline of the Five Seasons Divine Body into my own body."

As he spoke, his body flew up and directly rushed into the pitch-black cave in the middle of the grassland, entering the Demon Area.

The moment he entered the underground cave, Gu Chensha felt the power of time and space distort. It was vibrating with the power in his body. He knew that he had entered another space-time, and that was the Demon Area.

He was very clear about the nearby Demon Area because he had already used his Innate Gang Qi to form threads and a huge net to capture many demons.

There were no longer any demons in the thousands of miles radius of the Demon Area. Some of the demons had retreated, while the weaker ones were all captured by Gu Chensha. Therefore, Gu Chensha wanted to go deeper to capture more demons. Buzz …

He landed in the Demon Area. The entire Demon Area was filled with Demon Qi. It was pitch-black and gloomy. There was no light or brightness. If one were to live in this place for a long time, one's soul would feel extremely depressed.

The Demon Area was also known as the Underworld in ancient times. It was a bottomless place with no sunlight and no hope.

Even demons hoped to come to the Land of Infinity to enjoy the beautiful scenery of the mountains and seas.

Gu Chensha looked at his surroundings. The ground was also covered with pitch-black stones. There was also roiling Demon Qi and a stinky swamp. The swamp's muddy water was like rotten flesh. There were many Demon Maggots wriggling in it, which was extremely disgusting.

Even with his cultivation, he did not want to stay in the Demon Area for a moment longer. This place was even more smelly and filthy than a cesspool.

If the Dharma treasures and flying swords of Daoist cultivators were to enter here, they would have their Spirit Qi wiped out and become useless. Their Innate Gang Qi and Essence Spirit would also be tainted by the demonic nature and completely demonized, turning into fiends and monsters.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha's cultivation was profound and the cultivation technique he cultivated was the strongest in the world. He could even refine Demon Qi and turn it into power.

"Heaven and Earth Change, Sun and Moon Divine Radiance, Demons Become Ghosts, Evil Ghosts Move."

Gu Chensha's hands moved, activating his Essence Spirit and Gang Qi. They wriggled continuously, forming a vortex behind him.

The vortex absorbed the demonic energy. The demonic energy was compressed within the vortex and scattered. Then, it turned into runes. These runes formed a black sun that hung behind Gu Chensha's head.

This was an unparalleled Demon Refinement Secret Art. It was recorded in the Maha Suppression Sutra, and it was an unparalleled method to make use of Hell's Demonic Qi. This art was called the Maha Black Sun Art.

Using one's Essence Spirit to absorb Demon Qi and refine it into a black sun. After mastering it, the black sun could hang behind one's head and release Demon Fire that could incinerate all things. It could also be turned into Demonic Treasures that could collect souls and turn them into Demon Gods.

The Maha Black Sun Art was a supreme art created by the King of All Gods, the King of Hell, God Mahākāśyapa. Of course, in the Maha Suppression Sutra that Gu Chensha had obtained, this art was incomplete. However, with his supreme wisdom, Gu Chensha had deduced some of the variations that could be used to restrain Demon Qi.

As he walked through the Devil Domain, the Maha Black Sun behind his head spun like a whale sucking in water. The more Demon Qi he absorbed, the more Demon Qi he absorbed. In the end, the Maha Suppression Sutra wrapped around his body, burning with Demon Fire. He no longer looked human, but an expert among devils. With the Maha Black Sun, he didn't need to fear the corrosion of Demon Qi in the Devil Domain. All the Demon Qi became nourishment for the Maha Black Sun.

Gu Chensha's cultivation base was extremely profound. He was proficient in the Primeval Devil Dao, Primeval Demon Dao, Primeval Immortal Dao, and Primeval Human Dao. When combined, he was virtually invincible in the same realm.

In the blink of an eye, he left the place where the seal was broken and went deeper into the Devil Domain.

In the Devil Domain, in addition to the rancid swamps, there were, of course, demonic herbs, demonic trees, demonic mountains, and even castles built by monsters.

Among the monsters, there was no lack of wisdom. Naturally, they would gather a group of demons and use their means to command the demon soldiers and generals.

After flying for tens of thousands of miles, Gu Chensha suddenly found a huge military fortress of monsters in front of him. Although the military fortress was not as majestic as the Great Stone Wall, it was as high as a mountain and covered an area of hundreds of miles. It was like a huge steel monster entrenched in the Devil Domain. The densely packed monsters were like ants coming and going in an orderly manner.

This military fortress was actually made of Nether Iron. The Demon Qi was soaring. The two monsters that retreated from the Bottomless Sea of Sin could be vaguely seen in it.

When Gu Chensha was refining the Heavenly Demon Tree, he sensed that there were three monster leaders in the Bottomless Sea of Sin. One of them was at the 20th Transformation Realm, and the other two were at the 21st and 22nd Transformation Realm.

He had refined the monster at the 20th Transformation Realm, but the other two stronger ones had retreated. It was obvious that the stronger the monsters were, the more cautious they were.

"The monsters probably built a military fortress here to gather troops and prepare to break the seal and occupy the Bottomless Sea of Sin. Then, they would occupy the Sin Province."

Gu Chensha knew at a glance. He was determined to destroy this military fortress and capture all the monsters to feed the Touch of the Ghostly God. He hoped that it could evolve into a Heavenly Demon Tree as soon as possible.

If he could capture experts at the 21st or 22nd Transformation Realm and let the Touch of the Ghostly God absorb them, it might really be possible to evolve the Heavenly Demon Tree quickly.