Chapter 1142
============

Both Sides Zhou Qin had appeared out of nowhere and killed Qin Guang, ending his karma.

Although this Qin Guang was very strong and had forced Zhou Qin to reincarnate back then, he was not even a match for Zhou Qin now. Zhou Qin easily killed him.

Even under the protection of the mysterious masked man, it was useless. Zhou Qin had killed him as easily as killing a chicken.

After killing Qin Guang, Zhou Qin's strength rose rapidly, as if he had been freed from some kind of restraint. His current strength had reached the peak of 900 billion lifespan, and he could break through the trillion lifespan at any time.

"To think that such a person would appear, wanting to use this piece of trash to scheme against me. However, no matter how scheming you are, you are just a nobody. " Zhou Qin attacked again. With a palm strike, a violent power enveloped the mysterious masked man. Zhou Qin had called him a rat in the gutter, looking down on him.

However, he still acknowledged his opponent's strength. Mentally, he valued him, but on the surface, he looked down on him. This was a tactic.

"Hahahahaha …" The mysterious masked Sovereign laughed. He did not feel defeated or dejected by the fact that Zhou Qin had killed Qin Guang. Instead, he was very happy, "Zhou Qin, I admit that you are very powerful, the darling of this era, a truly invincible genius. However, you have forgotten one thing. In this entire era, you are not the only one like this. If this was your era, then I would not even have the thought of going against you. However, this era does not belong to you. Although you have worked hard to make many adjustments, first becoming a human, then reincarnating, in the end, it was all in vain. If this era does not belong to you, then it really does not belong to you. Why do you think you were able to kill Qin Guang so quickly? It was because I allowed you to kill this pig. I have already subdued Qin Guang for hundreds of thousands of years.

In these hundreds of thousands of years, I have placed countless seals on his body. After you killed him, you have indeed freed yourself from the karma between you and him. However, in reality, you have strengthened the karma between us. With the power of karma, I can start to influence you. " "You are exaggerating."

Zhou Qin's body moved rapidly, but he did not find any problems. He did not stop and attacked the mysterious masked man.

The mysterious Paragon suddenly formed a hand seal, and a character appeared on Zhou Qin's body. This character was very complicated, as if it was formed from many characters. Among them were Weakness, Binding, Imprisonment, Slowness, Stupidity, Poison and so on.

Sure enough, with this, Zhou Qin's offensive immediately slowed down. His killer move didn't even reach the mysterious masked man's body before it slowed down. It didn't have any effect. In this way, Zhou Qin wouldn't be able to cause any harm to the mysterious masked Supreme-Being.

"So that's how it is. Do you think that you can restrain me like this? How naive. "

Zhou Qin seemed to have expected this. "You planted the mysterious karma in Qin Guang's body and transferred it to me. Unfortunately, I've also thought of this. Burn for me. "

In an instant, a ball of flames appeared on Zhou Qin's body. This flame was practically invincible, burning his body. All the runes were turned into dust and smoke by the flames, no longer existing. At this moment, Zhou Qin had regained his invincible strength.

"Powerful indeed."

The mysterious masked Supreme-Being hurriedly dodged. There was a hint of surprise in his voice as he said, "Zhou Qin, you deserve to be one of the Six Great Fate Kings. No one's fate is stronger than the six of you. Logically speaking, if Gu Chensha doesn't appear, the six of you are invincible. But today, I don't believe it.

I will destroy your fate. I know that killing you isn't that simple. If it was that simple, it would seem very illusory. It doesn't match the achievements at all. Only by killing you in the midst of countless trials and tribulations can I obtain the strongest opportunity. " Suddenly, his body exploded. Many waves of Qi surged, covering the sky with one hand.

He also stretched out his palm, grabbed and clenched, and unexpectedly blocked Zhou Qin's fist. Then, he slapped forward, and Zhou Qin's body was actually pushed back. This was a head-on collision. It showed that Zhou Qin's strength was actually inferior to his.

"A mouse will always be a mouse. No matter how big you get, you can't become a tiger."

Although Zhou Qin had been pushed back, the disdainful smile on his face grew wider and wider. "Just because you had some good fortune, you really think you can eat swan meat? What a joke!" His body transformed, and he spun nine times in a row, growing larger and larger.

However, this punch seemed limitless, capable of crushing anything and everything. Space, time, fate, karma, and many other things were crushed by the fist wind. The will of the universe trembled under the might of this punch, and didn't even have the slightest intention of fighting back.

In all of this, his fist was the absolute ruler, the ultimate perfection. Nothing could possibly surpass the brilliance of this punch.

"Masked mouse, why don't you try to take another punch from me?" Zhou Qin was like an unparalleled god, an undying king who could crush anything and everything.

"Fine, I'll take it." The mysterious masked Paragon didn't dodge. Instead, he clasped his hands behind his back.

When Zhou Qin's fist was right in front of him, the mysterious masked Paragon finally made his move. A shield appeared on his body, not a magical treasure, but rather, a conglomeration of his mystic abilities and magical powers. It instantly blocked Zhou Qin's domineering, all-destroying punch.

"To think that you could actually take on that punch of mine!?"

Zhou Qin was a little surprised as well. However, he didn't stop there. He punched out once more, and as his fist moved, it tore through the void, causing many doors to appear. Within those doors, many imprints burst forth, transforming into various treasures and people. One of them was even masked, and looked exactly the same as the mysterious masked Paragon. It was as though Zhou Qin's punch had replicated the appearance of the mysterious masked Paragon.

"Good move."

At this point, the mysterious masked Paragon had no choice but to bring out all of his powers, as well as his trump card.

His body flashed repeatedly as he finally found an opening and a chance of survival. With a single grab, all of the strange phenomena created by Zhou Qin's punch were destroyed, transforming into a beam of rainbow light.

"Rainbow Transformation!"

Taking advantage of the opportunity, the mysterious masked Paragon's body exploded, transforming into a beam of rainbow light that wrapped around Zhou Qin.

Zhou Qin was instantly bound up, unable to move. His power, lifespan, and fate force were all being drained away as the mysterious masked Paragon plundered them.

"Dammit, I can't believe you still have a trick up your sleeve. You're sacrificing your own lifespan to pay the price. Don't you know that if you do that, you won't be able to break through and reach a lifespan of a trillion?" Roaring, Zhou Qin used all of his strength to try to break free from the rainbow light.

"You're really powerful, Zhou Qin. Even though I'm stronger than you, I'm afraid it's impossible for me to completely defeat you. However, you've underestimated my determination and plans. I've created an unimaginable universe that's the exact opposite of Chen Qi's universe. This universe is my foundation, and over the past hundreds of thousands of years, I've completely subdued and refined the will of this universe, turning it into my magical treasure. What I'm consuming right now isn't my own lifespan, but the lifespan of the will of this universe. Just how big is an unimaginable universe? You should know better than anyone. I abandoned this universe to trap you and completely subjugate you.

I've been planning for so long, and I know all of your weaknesses. All I've been waiting for is this moment. " The mysterious masked Paragon said.

"An unimaginable universe?"

Zhou Qin raged. "Masked Rat, you've been planning a lot. Unfortunately, you've underestimated me. You think I have a weakness, but the truth is that I don't have one!

You don't even know this. The weakness you see is all an illusion. Now, I will let you see my true anger. " RUMBLE! Zhou Qin exploded with power.

His entire person had turned into a huge bell, and within it were all living beings and universes. It was like a miniature version of the multiverse, and everyone could see their own past, present, and future through the bell, as well as all the changes that had occurred. And then, the bell was completely destroyed.

Cracks appeared on its surface, from within which sprayed out substances of a higher level than the Undecaying Paragon.

As soon as these substances came into contact with the rainbow formed by the mysterious masked Paragon, they began to explode. With a boom, the mysterious masked Paragon's body began to disintegrate.

"Zhou Qin, are you trying to take me down with you?!" the mysterious masked Paragon roared.

"Take me down with you? Rat, you're not worthy. "

Zhou Qin said, "I've truly obtained Eternity. I'm indestructible, eternal, and limitless. I've already begun to break through Gu Chensha's virtual interface.

Even if I die this time, I'll just be reincarnating. But you'll really die. Rat, do you know what your biggest mistake was this time? You're trying to go against me.

If you want to kill me, I'll suffer a backlash from my destiny. Even you, the strongest among us, will fall. Do you really think I'm someone you can scheme against?

"Since that's the case, Zhou Qin, let's go all out."

All of a sudden, the mysterious masked Paragon's body transformed into a drill that pierced into Zhou Qin's soul. Crack! Crack!

Zhou Qin's body began to crumble, and the enormous bell began to disintegrate into nothingness. In the process, the mysterious masked Paragon let out a bloodcurdling scream, and then melted into nothingness. The two of them had really taken each other down with them.

However, as they melted into nothingness, a very strange will and quintessence seemed to descend into the multiverse.

"Zhou Qin and the masked Paragon have come to an end. Their nourishment will create an even more powerful entity. " Gu Chensha, who was somewhere, opened his eyes.