Chapter 457
===========

The Heaven Alliance was officially established.

Gu Tanjian, Wu Dangkong, and the Ancient Mystic Sand gathered together. The power they formed was not to be underestimated. Even the aristocratic families had to give them some face, especially Gu Tanjian. The power behind him was mysterious and vast. He was truly an invincible overlord. Wu Dangkong also had a mysterious power behind him. Gu Chensha knew that this woman probably had Xing Qiongshi's backing as well.

But it made sense. If he was Xing Qiongshi, he would definitely make use of this woman. After all, she had the Heaven Sacrificial Decree.

Wu Dangkong's greatest wish now was to remove the power of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor from the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. Otherwise, every time he obtained something from the sacrificial ceremony, he would have to give half to Gu Chensha. It was simply not worth it. Because of this, Wu Dangkong also wanted to ally with Xing Qiongshi.

"This time, I've gained a lot by disguising myself as Wu Dangkong. At the very least, I've caught some clues about the Great Spirit God. I've also obtained some information about the conflict between Wu Dangkong and Xing Qiongshi. Maybe I can find Xing Qiongshi's backing from Wu Dangkong."

Gu Chensha received the jade token. On it was the agreement of the three experts. "This time, I'm going to make use of Wu Dangkong's identity to do many things.

I have a thousand plans to make these aristocratic families kill each other. But with the invasion of the demon race, making these aristocratic families kill each other will actually weaken the strength of the human race. The gains do not make up for the losses. "

Gu Chensha toyed with Wu Dangkong. Gu Tanjian and the Ancient Mystic Sand already knew how terrifying his Heavenly Dao Art was. Suddenly, he thought, why don't I use this transformation to deal with the demon race?

I can disguise myself as a high-ranking member of the demon race and infiltrate the Nether Iron Fortresses. I can cause trouble for the demon race and delay the outbreak of the demon race.

As long as the demon race didn't erupt, no matter how much trouble Wu Dangkong and the others caused, it would be useless.

The great tribulation between heaven and earth was caused by the demonic nature and the spiritual nature.

Only when the demonic nature and spirituality clashed would the demons come to the human world and suppress spirituality. Only then would Wu Dangkong and the many aristocratic families and mystical sects have a chance to take advantage of it. As long as the Devil Calamity didn't break out, all the conflicts wouldn't happen.

"Alright, I'm now the envoy of the Heaven Alliance!"

Gu Chensha took the jade tablet. "I'm going to the school of Legalism to persuade Fa Wuxian to join our alliance." As he spoke, he left.

As soon as he left, he wrapped the jade token and the jade talisman with a strand of magic power and sent them into the sphere of the Common People's Wish so that Zhuge Ya could study them. If he could not understand them, he could go to Grand Preceptor Wen Hong. As for himself, he flew directly to the Devil's Domain in the Bottomless Sea of Sin.

The seal under the Bottomless Sea of Sin was broken, and the Devil Qi was getting stronger and stronger. In the past, Gu Chensha could use the Touch of Ghostly and Divine tree to suppress it. Now, there were all Nether Iron Fortresses below, and there were even Devil Gods lurking in them. If Gu Chensha had entered in the past, he would definitely have died. Even Zhuge Ya would have been torn to pieces.

But now, he could transform into a demon and lurk in there. He could use his skills and obtain many opportunities. Devil Gods couldn't find him, and they couldn't calculate his whereabouts.

After entering the Devil's Domain, Gu Chensha sensed that the seal was broken. A huge formation began to seal off the place. The Devil Qi surged and formed millions of seals. It was impossible for immortal cultivators to go down again.

In other words, the exit was completely sealed by the demon's Devil Dao magic. It was impossible for immortal cultivators to go down and fight secretly. Unless they tore open the void and entered the Devil's Domain directly, it would consume too much energy and cause too much noise. The moment they tore open the void and reached another world, it was like throwing a mountain into the ocean, causing huge waves.

"Change, demonic energy!"

In the face of the layers of seals, Gu Chensha's body moved slightly. He had already changed his body's characteristics, which were very similar to demonic qi. He seeped into the seals just like that, and the seals actually did not sense or discover him at all.

"Unfortunately, I haven't reached the 22 Transformation Heaven and Earth Transformation Realm, otherwise, I would be able to turn into true demonic energy."

Gu Chensha was now at the 20 Transformation Impermanence Gathering and Dispersing. Although it was a transformation, it was actually a simulation. Only when he reached the 22 Transformation Heaven and Earth Transformation Realm would it be a true transformation. Of course, this didn't stop him from passing through the seals.

He had the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and Gouchen bloodline. It was the same as containing the five elements of energy. Moreover, his Heaven Path Technique had been cultivated, so it was much easier for him to connect to many dimensions.

In the past, he had obtained the Hundred World Ceremony. This was a method to connect to many dimensions and absorb energy.

Out of the many dimensions, some contained thick Wood Energy, some contained Metal Energy, Fire Energy, Water Energy, Earth Energy, and so on. Gu Chensha activated the Great Massacre God Technique and used it with ease.

Originally, no matter how he used it, it would be hard for him to control it. But after he cultivated the Heaven Path Technique, he was able to master it without any obstacles.

That was because the Heaven Talisman Emperor's bloodline had merged with his powers, which was why he could cultivate the Heaven Path Technique.

He directly teleported into the Demon Region. Gu Chensha turned his powers into demonic energy and floated about.

He saw many Nether Iron Fortresses built on the Demon Region Plains. Demon statues and dragons flew about in the air. The demonic energy was extremely thick and it could explode at any moment.

"The demonic energy is brewing. Countless dimensions and chaotic essence energy are boiling. This is all because for the prosperity of the Central Plains Divine Continent, the spiritual energy is exploding, causing the balance of heaven and earth to be lost." Gu Chensha deduced without any emotions at all. He directly entered one of the Nether Iron Fortresses.

The Nether Iron Fortress he had infiltrated was extremely large. Tens of thousands of demonic energy gathered to form demonic dragons that flew everywhere, forming countless dragon formations.

There were vaguely Demon God-level experts in the fortress, and many of them had the auras of Demon Emperors and Demon Emperors.

In a flash, Gu Chensha locked onto a room in the Nether Iron Fortress, where a Demon Emperor resided.

This Demon Emperor was a Nether Armor Great Demon, but he had cultivated magic energy, which made him suitable for Gu Chensha's transformation.

Being able to cultivate magic energy, this Demon Emperor had an extremely high status in the Demon race and knew many secrets.

He was currently cultivating his demonic arts in his secret chamber, chanting the Mahākāśyapa Mantra and mobilizing demonic energy. The incantation blended with the demonic energy in the air, providing strength and stability to the fortress cluster.

Gu Chensha didn't reveal his body to deal with him. With just a pounce, all the will in the Demon Emperor's sea of consciousness was completely destroyed, replaced by Gu Chensha. Then, Gu Chensha found out everything he wanted to know.

The Demon Emperor's body shrank in an instant, turning into a rune, and a new Demon Emperor was born. It was Gu Chensha's transformation. Gu Chensha refined this Demon Emperor into a rune, which was only the size of a grain of sand.

Gu Chensha didn't possess the body, because there would be many flaws if he did. He might as well kill the Demon Emperor and transform into the Demon Emperor, which would make it easier for him to do various things.

In an instant, the Demon Emperor in the Nether Iron Fortress died, and Gu Chensha became the new Demon Emperor. It was clean and neat, without leaving any traces.

There were Demon God-level experts in the Nether Iron Fortress, and they had been operating for a long time. It was connected to the surrounding Nether Iron Fortresses, so even God level experts couldn't sneak in.

However, Gu Chensha had managed to sneak in and kill the Demon Emperor without anyone noticing and take his place. In the past, Gu Chensha's first bucket of gold was stealing the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple. But now, he had become a true thief of the heavens, a thief of the path. He had become one of the five thieves of the heavens. The Demon Emperor's memories flowed into his sea of consciousness and were instantly digested. His expression turned ugly, because he had discovered some of the Demon Race's plots.

"The Demon Gods of the Demon Race have already set their eyes on the Calming Immortal Division. This time, their first target is to destroy us. They are already preparing to open a passage to the Barbarian Race, and the coordinates of that passage is the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple!"

Gu Chensha's expression was ashen, "The three great apes and the Barbarian Demon God level experts have reached some kind of agreement. Now, there are billions of demons here, chanting the Great Mahākāśyapa Mantra, brewing the Myriad Devil Heart Prison Myriad Tribulation Lightning recorded in the Scripture of Hell.

This lightning is condensed, and as long as it strikes, it can even kill a Saint. It is the gathering of billions of demons, brewing, and finally turning into a one-time attack.

The plan of these Demon God level experts is to wait for the tribulation lightning to finish brewing, then suddenly open a passage, and the demons will appear at the passage of the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple. Then, the tribulation lightning will fly out from the Demon Domain and destroy the Common People's Wish sphere. "

Many Demon God level experts and even Devil Saints of the Demon Race had set their eyes on the Calming Immortal Division, formulating a plan. The first plan was to destroy the Calming Immortal Division. This crisis was brewing, and it was extremely dangerous. If the Demon Race really went according to their plan, the Calming Immortal Division would most likely end up dead.

Although the Calming Immortal Division had taken every possibility into account, in the face of absolute power, any plan was childish and laughable.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha had cultivated the Heavenly Dao Law, and was able to sneak in and obtain this secret. He had made preparations in advance, but this was decided by many Demon God level experts and Devil Saints of the Demon Race. Even if they knew, it would be difficult to stop it. Just like how all the experts in the world knew that the Demon Disaster was about to break out, but who could stop it? This was the general trend.

"It seems like our Calming Immortal Division has already grown, to actually become the first target of the Demon Gods and Devil Saints. Is this a good honor, or a bad honor?" Gu Chensha analyzed the situation, and found that he actually had no way to stop it.

The Demon Race's plan was actually very simple. They kept building the Nether Iron Fortress, gathering countless demons, and under the command of the Demon God level experts, chanting the Great Mahākāśyapa Mantra, gathering their essence, qi, spirit, and demonic qi, and brewing for a long time, turning it into a sure-kill technique. In fact, this method was similar to the vow the Common People's Wish Academy recruited apprentices.