Chapter 735
===========

Gu Tiansha finally made his move.

He spat out a mouthful of vital energy and a person materialized in front of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth.

The person was blurry, but one could vaguely make out that it was a young man, like a younger version of Xuan Qiudao.

Xuan Qiudao was somewhat excited when he saw this. He knew that Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, had unleashed his supreme power to condense Xuan Xin.

Was this creating another Xuan Xin or completely reviving him? Even with Xuan Qiudao's current level of cultivation and intelligence, he couldn't understand what was going on. Lord of the Sun and Moon had some methods that Xuan Qiudao couldn't understand.

"The sun and moon are reborn, fate gathers, karma never extinguishes!"

Gu Tiansha suddenly let out a long howl. "Your Black Gate of Heaven and Earth must have set up a tablet for Xuan Xin. This is the foundation for his revival!"

As he spoke, he made a grabbing motion. Many of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth's restrictive spells couldn't stop him, and a golden tablet was pulled out.

The tablet had Xuan Xin's eight characters of life written on it, as well as many of his aura from when he was alive.

Xuan Qiudao had obviously gathered some of Xuan Xin's aura from when he was alive, hoping to revive him through sacrifices. While he knew it was futile, he still held onto a glimmer of hope. Now, Gu Tiansha had turned that hope into reality. The tablet exploded, and the aura within surged out, pouring into his figure of light.

Before long, the figure of light completely materialized into a young man. He was tall and handsome, and his temperament was profound. He seemed to have the grace of gathering the fortune of the world, as if all the elegance of the immortal dao had been gathered on him. This was Xuan Xin, a figure who'd once shone brightly in the immortal dao. He'd far surpassed Fa Wuxian in the later stages.

Xuan Xin had once been a natural-born saint and the son of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. He'd been high and mighty, and could be said to be the foremost young prodigy of the immortal dao. Many old fogies of the immortal dao had even predicted that Xuan Xin could become a celestial sovereign.

It was precisely because of this that the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth didn't think highly of Gu Taxian. They'd done their best to nurture Xuan Xin, but they hadn't expected Gu Taxian to be an unprecedented existence that could even suppress the heavenly dao.

Not only was Xuan Xin killed by Gu Ta Xian, even Sect Leader Xuan Qiu Dao was also beaten up like a child and toyed with in the palm of his hand.

Although this had been a scandal in the past, now it seemed that almost all the sects felt pity for the Black Heaven Earth Sect. If they had tried to rope in Gu Taxian at all costs, even if they had given him the position of Sect Leader, the Black Heaven Earth Sect would have probably unified the world by now. Everyone inside would have become Celestial Sovereigns, and they would have been extremely tyrannical. But at that time, no one knew that such an incredible existence would appear.

Thinking about it, a big sect took in a wild kid. That wild kid was a thorn, so of course they had to suppress him, teach him a lesson, or even chase him out of the sect, or strictly enforce the law to cripple this wild kid's mana. This was the true way to run a sect.

However, it was precisely because of such a formal way of thinking that they missed out on the best talents. It was too late for regrets.

"Xuan Xin, quickly return to your position."

All of a sudden, Gu Tiansha made a grabbing motion again, grabbing something from the depths of the void. As this object squirmed, it seemed to contain some sort of essence that had given birth to a soul, and it slammed into the figure of light's body.

"This is the Root of All Spirits, refined from chaos.

According to the legends, this is the origin of all things that give birth to souls. You can actually refine something like this? Even our Black Heaven Earth Sect's ancestor couldn't do this. "Xuan Qiudao was shocked.

"Of course. I am the Lord of the Sun and Moon, the son of the heavens. Even if the Heaven Earth Sect's ancestor is revived, his essence is far inferior to mine. In the end, the Heaven Earth Sect's ancestor is actually on the same level as Wan Senshi and the Immortal Lord. They are all in the Longevity Realm, and they can't improve at all." Gu Tiansha's tone was high and mighty, as if he was talking to an ant. Bang!

The condensed Xuan Xin was slammed into the Root of All Spirits, and it immediately came to life. When it opened its eyes, it saw Xuan Qiudao.

"Father!" He seemed to have woken up from a dream. "Wasn't I killed by Gu Taxian? Why are you here? Who are you? " He then saw the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha.

"It's like this."

Seeing that his son had really revived, Xuan Qiudao sent many memories over so that Xuan Xin would understand what had happened during these years. Xuan Xin accepted these memories and a look of disbelief appeared on his face.

Xuan Xin's cultivation wasn't high; he was at the 26 Transformation of Dao Realm, 10,000 Techniques Return to One.

Of course, in any Xuanmen Sect, he would be a giant elder. Even in Xuanmen Heaven and Earth Sect, with this cultivation, he would be a huge figure. Even the Ape Race Chief, Ape Huang, was only at the 25 Transformation of Dao Realm, Undying Body. In the past, Xuan Xin's cultivation was enough to look down on the younger generation.

Firstly, at that time, the tribulation hadn't arrived and there weren't any miraculous encounters in the Divine Continent. Numerous stars hadn't descended into the world. Secondly, Xuan Xin was actually really young. If one didn't count the time he died, he was just over 20. Even Gu Chensha was already in his thirties. Gu Chensha was born in the first year of Heaven Talisman and now it was the 33rd year. This was Gu Chensha's age. According to the common people, Gu Chensha was already middle-aged.

After receiving a lot of memories, Xuan Xin had already accepted this situation. Finally, he calmed himself down and abruptly kneeled down in front of Gu Tian Sha. "Master Sun and Moon Master, you have given me a new life. From now on, my life belongs to you, master. If you need it, you can take it from me at any time. I will just die again anyway. Those who have already died definitely won't have any other thoughts. " "Great!"

The Sun Moon Sovereign Gu Tiansha clapped his hands as a smile appeared on his face, "As expected of a character that inherited the fate of the heavens and earth. Back then when the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor tried to kill you, he actually didn't kill you completely. Because of the traces of you left behind in the heavenly dao, I was able to completely revive you.

However, I'm very pleased with your attitude. I'll help you, and you'll be loyal to me. Both of us will benefit. Let me tell you the truth. You're actually the reincarnation of an inexhaustible treasure, the most mysterious of which is you. You're the Boundless Heart! The last of the 36 Endless Treasures.

The first of the 36 Endless Treasures is the Endless Sword, followed by the Endless Saber, and then the Endless Cauldron. As the saying goes, the saber and the sword conquer the world and then the cauldron conquer the mountains and rivers. Without the saber and the sword, the mountains and rivers cannot be conquered.

According to logic, the lower the ranking of the 36 Endless Treasures, the weaker they are. However, the last one, the Endless Heart, is different.

The Endless Heart is the most unpredictable of the 36 Endless Treasures. It has many transformations and is invincible.

However, you haven't obtained the Endless Heart's main body yet. Since you've been resurrected, you will soon have the opportunity to obtain it. Once you obtain it, your cultivation base will skyrocket, and you may even step into the Empyrean realm in the future. Of course, you will also encounter great tribulations during this process.

Your greatest enemy is the Tranquil Immortal Si, and there is also the last ancient of the Devil Race, the Primordial Heart Devil. This devil is the ancestor of all devils and he is called the Heart Devil. Only by obtaining the Endless Heart can you reach grand completion. "

"The Primordial Heart Devil?" Xuan Xin exclaimed. "Wasn't it rumored that he died long ago, killed by God Maha?

God Maha received the help of Ancient Tianzi to kill the Primordial Heart Devil. That is how he obtained the title of King of Hell and King of Gods. "

"The Primordial Heart Devil won't die. As long as the Heart of All Spirits exists, he won't die. His existence is very mysterious. In any case, you have to be careful of him.

Of course, with me here, you don't have to be afraid. In fact, the reason I revived you is to lure him out, suppress him, and make him my subordinate. That way, the entire Devil Race will be under my control. "

Lord Sun-Moon Gu Tiansha directly revealed his plan. He wasn't afraid that the people from the Black Heaven Earth Sect would leak the secret. To him, Xuan Xin was the biggest bait, and the Primordial Heart Devil had no choice but to devour it.

"I will listen to you, Lord," Xuan Xin said immediately. "Even if you want me to feed the devil with my body, I will be willing."

"Hahahaha," Gu Tiansha said. "You really know how to talk. If you had been so humble back then, your fate would have changed, and Gu Taxian wouldn't have killed you. After your rebirth, your personality has changed greatly." "Of course. After dying once, how can I not know how precious life is?

Of course, I have to treasure it. Plus, Lord Sun-Moon Lord can help me cultivate to the Celestial Lord Realm in the future. I have to follow you, Lord. In this world, there is no one stronger than you. "Xuan Xin's words were getting more and more likable.

"Very good. Your cultivation is still not enough. Follow me and cultivate first. While you are at it, you can travel around and organize the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

I will speed up your opportunity so that you can get the Heart of Infinity as soon as possible. That way, your cultivation speed will be faster. "As he spoke, Lord Sun-Moon Gu Tiansha waved his sleeves, wrapped around Xuan Xin, and disappeared in the air.

He actually ignored all the restrictive spells of the Black Heaven Earth Sect. He came and went as he pleased.

Before he left, he left behind a series of words, "Xuan Qiudao, you have to immediately lead the Black Heaven Earth Sect and unite the other Profound Sects. I hope that you guys will stop hiding like turtles and take action. Once Xuan Xin obtains the Heart of Infinity, he can rightfully become the Alliance Leader." After a long time, the voice disappeared.

The azure dragon came out of the ancient stone gate and said in a buzzing voice, "Xuan Qiudao, do you really want to listen to this Lord Sun-Moon's orders?"

"It's completely possible that the Lord Sun-Moon wants to swallow the Black Heaven Earth Sect. We can't resist."

Xuan Qiudao said bitterly, "But he said that he wants to revive the Ancestral Patriarch of Heaven and Earth. To me, this is a bait that I have to swallow. If we don't fight, we won't have any chance. If we fight with our lives, we might really have a chance of survival." No ads, no errors, fast updates, members synchronized to the bookstore! A must have for bookworms! Follow the official WeChat account zaixianxiaoshuo (Press for three seconds to copy) Download the reader!