Chapter 981
===========

"It's time for me to act. After becoming Concubine Ming, I've been training hard, but it hasn't been of much use. I haven't made much progress. Looks like I'll hit a bottleneck if I follow the Emperor Of Heaven. I'm at the Sky Origin Realm now, but all the sacrifices and immortality I've accumulated over the years are only the power of a few thousand worlds. It's far from enough. I need to reach the Heaven Realm."

Concubine Ming Wu Dangkong hadn't been comfortable these past few years. She wanted to become the Heaven Empress, wanted to suppress everyone with her cultivation, but the Emperor Of Heaven never gave her the chance.

The Emperor Of Heaven would rather create a new Heaven Empress, Hong Ling Sha, than make her the new Heaven Empress.

Even though the Emperor Of Heaven's plan to create Hong Ling Sha as the Heaven Empress failed, he still didn't make her the Heaven Empress. This caused Wu Dang Kong to feel extremely resentful.

Wu Dangkong didn't have any loyalty, only benefits. She wasn't loyal to the Emperor Of Heaven either. If someone gave her enough benefits, she would immediately betray the Emperor Of Heaven.

In fact, deep in her heart, she was thinking of ways to devour the Emperor Of Heaven, obtain the power of the Heavenly Court, and become the Emperor Of Heaven herself. It seemed that the Emperor Of Heaven saw through her thoughts, and didn't give her any chance. However, after getting his hands on this decree, Wu Dang Kong felt that his chance had come.

"This Zhang Ziran, in order to fight against the Emperor Of Heaven, roped in everyone, and even offered sacrifices to the Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha, the Eternal Ancestor Gu Chensha, the Taoist Ancestor Hong Ling Sha, and the Human Ancestor himself. If I can get sacrifices, and call him Ancestor, I'll definitely be able to reach a higher level." Wu Dangkong thought, "But I want Zhang Ziran to offer sacrifices to my Ancestor? Martial Ancestor? That doesn't seem very good. Right, it's the Ancestor Of Heaven. I am the Ancestor of Heaven. Take this edict that says' Heaven's Will is Irresistible 'as an exchange. "

When they arrived at the Gate of Heaven, they looked down at the lower realm. The huge human realm was full of people. Countless ambitious and ruthless people with great luck were running their own businesses. Once again, the scene of a group of heroes dividing their territories appeared.

Of course, the biggest piece in front of them was the Hong Dynasty, which was about to change its name to the Human Dynasty. Whoosh!

When he arrived at the Heavenly Gate, Wu Dangkong held the edict of "Heaven's Mandate" in his hand. He did not wait for the Dharma Saint and the Celestial Lords and Celestial Officials. Instead, he directly descended.

"Your Majesty!"

When the Dharma Saint saw this, he was shocked. He quickly flew back and knelt in the main hall. "Concubine Ming went directly to the lower realm. She did not listen to Your Majesty's arrangements."

"Concubine Ming's fate is within my expectations. It is a test for her. If she really wanted to advance and avoid the fate, she would not have done this. It can be said that one thought is life and one thought is death. Now, in order to advance, she has chosen to betray the Heavenly Court. That is a path to death. Even I cannot save her." The Emperor Of Heaven waved his hand. He did not care about this at all. "Continue to follow my orders." "Yes!"

When the Dharma Saint saw the Emperor Of Heaven's actions, he knew that everything was within his control. Perhaps this was a plan. Hahahaha …

Zhang Ziran, who was performing the sacrifice in the lower realm, suddenly realized that there was a hole in the sky. A ray of light shot down.

This light landed in front of him and revealed the appearance of a person. It was Concubine Ming, Wu Dangkong.

"Wu Dangkong, what are you doing here? Are you here to destroy the sacrifice? Is the Heavenly Court going to war with us? "Zhang Ziran did not dare to act rashly.

"Zhang Ziran, the Emperor Of Heaven wants to punish you. He even wrote a talisman that cannot be disobeyed to suppress you and destroy the sacrifice. However, I felt that it was inappropriate, so I stole this talisman and came here to make a deal with you. How about it?" Wu Dangkong said.

"What deal do you want to make?"

When Zhang Ziran heard this, he was secretly delighted. This Wu Dangkong was the Concubine Ming, and he had actually betrayed the Heavenly Court. This meant that his fate had increased.

"It's very simple. You can create another ancestor called the Ancestor of Heaven. I will be the Ancestor of Heaven. This way, I will completely integrate into your system. How about it?

In addition, as an exchange, I will give you the talisman personally written by the Emperor Of Heaven. Destroy this talisman, and you will truly succeed in changing the dynasty. There will be no more tribulations. "Wu Dangkong said.

"Ancestor of Heaven?"

When Zhang Ziran heard this, he suddenly laughed and thought, "This Wu Dangkong really has no chance. She actually wants to be called Ancestor of Heaven. This is equivalent to going against the Emperor Of Heaven. However, the Emperor Of Heaven still hasn't conferred her the title of Heaven Empress. It is only natural that she would betray the Emperor Of Heaven. In such a big era, if she doesn't come out and create a storm, she would be an expert in vain." "Alright, the Ancestor of Heaven will be the Ancestor of Heaven."

Zhang Ziran said. "In that case, let's join forces and establish a supreme foundation. If the Emperor Of Heaven doesn't give it to you, we'll take it for ourselves."

"That's right. If the Heaven Emperor had bestowed the title of Heaven Empress on me earlier, then there wouldn't have been any problems. But since he's stingy, then don't blame me." Wu Dangkong waved his hand, and a tablet with the Heaven Ancestor carved on it stood up.

"The deal is a success."

Zhang Ziran nodded. "In that case, the Ancestor of Heaven will sacrifice this talisman to the Emperor Of Heaven. Shatter this talisman to show that man can conquer heaven." "Very good."

Wu Dangkong took out the talisman and placed it directly under the 'man can conquer heaven' inscription. 'Then he spat out a mouthful of true fire, intending to burn the talisman.

However, this talisman flickered fiercely, unexpectedly erupting with boundless radiance that spread outwards, about to completely destroy the entire altar.

"Emperor Of Heaven, do you really think that with a talisman, you can suppress the will of the people?" Zhang Ziran laughed. "All priests, light it up!"

In an instant, all the priests of the Hong Dynasty rushed towards the talisman. Under the control of Zhang Ziran and many other experts, the power of eternity within the talisman was burning, suppressing the indomitable will of the heavens. RUMBLE! At the critical moment, the talisman suddenly expanded by dozens of times.

The giant talisman rose up, covering the entire imperial city. Heavenly punishment appeared within the talisman, with the cries of common people and the howls of ghosts and gods. A wave of power suppressed down. Crackle!

All the officials present, including Zhang Ziran, felt extremely uncomfortable. Some of the weaker officials directly fainted.

"A single talisman from the Emperor Of Heaven is actually this strong?" Zhang Ziran was shocked, and he used all of his power to fight back.

"Suppress!" The Celestial Emperor's voice came from the talisman that said, "Heaven's will cannot be defied."

The entire imperial city was collapsing, and the surrounding space was being torn apart, as if it were about to be stripped out of the human world and turned into primal chaos.

"Damn it!"

Zhang Ziran felt like his power was being completely cut off, and that there was no way he could fight back against the Emperor Of Heaven talisman. Only now did he realize how powerful the Emperor Of Heaven talisman was.

At this critical moment, the Ancestral Founder Inscription at the center of the sacrificial altar emitted a hazy mist, which gradually seeped into the light of the "Inviolable Destiny" talisman, and the two began to fight.

After an unknown amount of time, the talisman suddenly exploded, turned into scattered immortal power, and was absorbed by the Nihility Ancestor inscription.

"Gu Huasha made a move …" Zhang Ziran gasped. If it wasn't for Gu Huasha, the Emperor Of Heaven talisman would have caused great damage.

Everyone could clearly see that the mist emitted by the Nihility Ancestor inscription crushed and absorbed the Emperor Of Heaven talisman.

Immediately, everyone was in awe of the Nihility Ancestor, and a large number of people believed that the Nihility Ancestor was the strongest ancestor, surpassing the Emperor Of Heaven. This time, the Nihility Ancestor established absolute prestige in the human world.

"Amazing …"

Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, Yuan Gu, Putuo, and Dou Sheng, who were at the edge of the altar, also saw this scene, and they were all extremely shocked, "That Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha is actually so powerful? He's on par with the Emperor Of Heaven, and it seems that he has already surpassed Gu Chensha? The situation in the Eternal World is going to change? " "After crushing the Emperor Of Heaven's talisman, even Wu Dangkong defected."

Dou Sheng laughed, "It seems that the Emperor Of Heaven can't control the situation, and the Emperor Of Heaven's tribulation is about to come. We are much safer now, and if the altar is successful, our cultivation will improve greatly." "Look, that Zhang Ziran is starting to wrap up the altar," Yuan Gu said.

"Let's wrap up the altar too."

The few of them started to merge their minds into the destiny of the Hong Dynasty, and started to absorb their own things. On the altar in the center of the palace, Zhang Ziran started to wrap up the altar.

"Everyone, we have already crushed the tribulation of the Heavenly Court. From now on, we will advance without looking back. I now announce that the Hong Dynasty is a thing of the past. Now, there is only a human dynasty, and we are the human dynasty." Rumble!

With this announcement, the destiny of the entire court reached its peak. The destiny condensed into runes that could be seen by the naked eye, and they fell into everyone's body. Some people received more, and some received less. This was determined by the contributions made during the altar.

As expected, Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, Yuan Gu, Putuo, and Dou Sheng saw a large number of runes fall into their bodies, causing their cultivation to rise, and many bottlenecks were broken.

"I actually reached the fifth level of the Immortal Realm, the Great Immortal Realm …" Gu Tanjian laughed loudly, feeling the changes in his body.

"We also reached the fifth level of the Great Immortal Realm," the others said.

"But rumor has it that the Dharma Saint has reached the sixth level, the Eternal Immortal Realm, which is one level higher than us, and he is stronger than us in terms of power." "I wonder how much Zhang Ziran's cultivation will increase?" Dou Sheng said.

At this time, Zhang Ziran felt the golden destiny fall like a waterfall, and all of it entered his body. This was the true profundity produced when a country's destiny reached its peak. This profundity was very easy to transform into the Immortal Realm.

Crackle … The power of the Boundless World in Zhang Ziran's body wriggled, decomposed, and then began to ascend. It became a power that was higher than the Boundless World and Heavenly Origin Power. That was the power of the Heaven Realm! At this moment, Zhang Ziran successfully ascended to the Heaven Realm.

At the same time, the Heaven Realm in his body was filled with some Immortal Power. This Immortal Power had reached the seventh level of the Immortal Realm, the True Immortal Realm.