Chapter 537
===========

"Brother Fang Lin, thank you for your help this time. If it weren't for you, I would have been in a terrible mess with the matters of the Human Dragon League. It seems like I'm really a useless scholar. In the past, when I was guiding the world, I thought that I was the hero of the world and that all the officials were useless. If I could govern the world myself, I would definitely prosper. But now, it seems like I can't even be an inspector."

Qin Han listened to the report of Gu Chensha's incarnation of Fang Lin and saw the mountain of documents. He shook his head in distress. Gu Chensha also had some insights and emotions.

These days, he had been busy managing the operations of the Human Dragon League. If not for his deep cultivation, which allowed him to multitask, this incarnation would have had a hard time handling matters.

Fortunately, he had a broad vision and countless experiences. In the eyes of outsiders, the "Fang Lin" that he had transformed into was slick and cunning. He could often resolve all kinds of troubles and maintain a good relationship with many forces.

"President, just focus on cultivation. I'll take care of these miscellaneous matters. The most important thing now is to comprehend the secrets of that Buddha statue and unleash the might of a divine expert."

Gu Chensha said to Qin Han, "If this Buddha statue awakens and we understand its secrets, we can even find the various treasures left behind by the ancient Buddhist Sect. At that time, strengthening the Human Dragon League will be just around the corner."

Gu Chensha had always wanted to obtain the secrets of the ancient Buddhist Sect through that Buddha statue. It wasn't because he wanted to obtain treasures, but because the ancient Buddhist Sect had many secret techniques and experiences that were worth learning from and gaining his own insights.

He had a lot of knowledge now, but he was still learning. He was still very ignorant and shallow about the vast universe and the history of ancient times. At the very least, he didn't know anything about some prehistoric civilizations.

What he needed to do now wasn't just his own cultivation, but to govern the world and unite the masses.

This kind of pursuit was completely different from that of ordinary Sages, true gods, and even the three Heavenly Venerables. The knowledge needed to govern the world was much greater than the knowledge needed to transcend cultivation.

For example, even if the three Heavenly Venerables could jump out of the Three Realms and not be within the Five Elements, they couldn't ensure eternal peace. They were still far from being able to unite the masses.

"I've recently gained some insights from comprehending the Buddha statues, and I'm about to share them with you, brother."

A beam of golden light shot out from between Qin Han's eyebrows, and a Buddha statue appeared in the depths of the golden light. This Buddha statue seemed to contain an ancient space-time secret map.

"Hmm?" Gu Chensha's mind moved and a surge of magic power was secretly transmitted over.

His current Heavenly Dao technique was much more exquisite than before. Not only had his cultivation level increased, but because of the Heaven-defying Mutated Pill, there was almost no Heavenly Dao binding him anymore.

At this moment, the purity of his magic power was so pure that even a single strand of it was comparable to his previous full power.

In other words, the strength of his current incarnation was only higher than the magic power of his original body, and the quality of his methods was even better.

A bit of magic power was transmitted over, and immediately, the Buddha statue woke up once again. It emitted a boundless light that filled up the heavens and the earth. Everyone felt as if a god-level Buddha had once again descended into the mortal world.

Many people with ulterior motives and thoughts about the Human-Dragon Association became fearful once again.

And at this time, Gu Chensha once again saw the depths of this Buddha statue. It seemed to be pointing towards the depths of space-time, to that place called the 'Ocean of Emptiness'.

He had already seen the map of that place last time, and this map was even clearer and seemed to be within easy reach.

In fact, the Immortal Tranquility Department had already transformed the sphere of Common People's Wishes into a minor chiliocosm. And when a minor chiliocosm traversed through the turbulent flows of space-time, it was far from what a god-level expert could compare to. Thinking about it, the ancient Buddha had said that a thousand microscopic worlds added together would only form a minor chiliocosm. Wouldn't that be equivalent to a thousand worlds created by a god-level expert?

To make an analogy, the turbulent flows of space-time were a huge ocean with harsh weather. Every single god-level expert was a fisherman, and they roamed in it naked. Even if they created a microscopic world, it would only be a small boat that couldn't withstand the wind and waves. But if they created a minor chiliocosm, it would be equivalent to creating a sturdy steel battleship that could cleave through the waves and roam through the turbulent flows of space-time.

In the past, it was impossible for Gu Chensha to activate the sphere of Common People's Wishes to search for the depths of the turbulent flows of space-time, to that place called the Ocean of Emptiness. But now, as long as he found some clues, this minor chiliocosm of the sphere of Common People's Wishes would have a chance to obtain the ancient Buddhist sect's treasures.

"I wonder, what level is the world created by the ancient Buddhist sect?"

Gu Chensha circulated his magic power once again and saw the depths of the turbulent flows of space-time. That place called the Ocean of Emptiness was in the depths of layers of space-time. It was unknown how many dimensional nodes there were. The space-time storms there were like ocean currents, incomparably ferocious. God-Level experts were no different from ants in there.

And in the depths of that Ocean of Emptiness, there seemed to be a golden island. The island blossomed with endless Buddhist light, suppressing everything. That golden island contained countless minor chiliocosms, and there were even medium-sized ones.

"That is …" Gu Chensha was shocked. "Could that be the Great Chiliocosm?

Legend has it that the supreme Buddha once opened up a pure land, created the Paramita, and gathered all the power in an attempt to refine it into a Great Chiliocosm!

I don't know if he succeeded, but as far as I know, he might not have succeeded. At the most critical moment of the transformation, the Buddhist sect encountered a disaster. " Minor Dust World, Minor Chiliocosm, Medium-Sized Chiliocosm, Great Chiliocosm, and Endless World.

For these levels of worlds, the minor chiliocosm required several God-Level experts to establish their own forces, develop countless disciples, and finally condense into a physical form after thousands of years of sacrifices and prayers.

As for the medium-sized worlds, they required the convergence of the world's great luck. Countless God-Level experts and Sages worked together and experienced countless fortuitous encounters. Only then could they undergo transformation from the prehistoric era to the present. Among the current forces, only the Black Heaven Earth Sect could be considered a true medium-sized world.

If the minor chiliocosms were steel battleships in the turbulence of time and space, then the medium-sized worlds were water fortresses. A thousand minor chiliocosms were more or less a medium-sized world.

The Great Chiliocosm was different. The condensation of this world was not something that could be forged by humans. It was most likely created by the chaos of the Big Bang. In the depths of a Great Chiliocosm, there were endless space-time. The so-called Great Chiliocosm originally meant all-encompassing.

In many ancient memories, there were traces of the Great Chiliocosm in the turbulence of time and space. There were also powerful creatures in that Great Chiliocosm. The three Celestial Venerables worked together to create a Great Chiliocosm. They had always wanted to turn this Great Chiliocosm into a Great Chiliocosm, but they had not succeeded. And in the endless world. It was the endless continent where Gu Chensha and the other Immortal Path Mysterious Sects lived.

No one could explore the borders, and it was not something that the three Celestial Venerables could create.

"It seems that the ancient Buddha founded the Buddhist Sect and gathered many experts to forge countless treasures in order to create a Great Chiliocosm. They still did not succeed, but there seems to be hope. If our Calmness Deity Department can obtain this golden island …" Gu Chensha thought to himself, but he shook his head. He felt that it was impossible.

The Calmness Deity Department's Life's Wish sphere had become a minor chiliocosm, but compared to the Great Chiliocosm, it was just a speck of dust.

Now, he was like an ant that saw a dead elephant and wanted to carry the elephant back to its nest to enjoy. How could that be possible?

Compared to the golden island created by the ancient supreme Buddha, the Life's Wish sphere itself was like an ant, and the island was like a dead elephant.

"The three Celestial Venerables definitely want this golden island …" Gu Chensha said, "But they might not know where the island is. There are many time gaps in the Great Ocean of Space, and they are constantly jumping. Without the coordinates and the space-time key, it is impossible to find the key. So, the three Celestial Venerables seem to have their eyes on the Primordial Tree, wanting to obtain more treasures from it."

He had comprehended many things this time. This Buddha statue was indeed a fallen Buddhist Sect big shot, but from a certain point of view, this Buddha statue was also a space-time key. Only by obtaining this key could one reach the golden island and obtain the Buddhist Sect's treasures.

Qin Han was the successor of the Buddhist Sect, and it was possible that he could obtain the right to inherit the golden island.

Gu Chensha slowly retracted his magic power, and the golden light of the Buddha statue receded bit by bit. In the end, it turned into a golden pendant the size of a thumb, and entered Qin Han's sea of consciousness between his eyebrows. After this round of activation, Qin Han's strength increased a lot again.

In truth, during these past few days, Gu Chensha had used the Buddha statue more or less to increase Qin Han's cultivation base. However, he hadn't used it as intensely as this time.

With the nourishment of the Buddha statue, Qin Han's cultivation base increased rapidly. In fact, Gu Chensha had a vague feeling that if Qin Han's cultivation base reached a certain point, he could use the Buddha statue to communicate with the golden island in the Great Ocean of Space, and obtain its power.

For example, although Zhuge Ya couldn't obtain the World Burying Coffin, he could communicate with it and obtain its power. That was how he had defeated Jing Qiu and foiled his plot to overthrow the world. Of course, this would require Gu Chensha's help.

The World Burying Coffin had been refined by the Lord of Seven Stars for many years, but it was still a Minor Chiliocosm. After Jiang Gongwang's death, there were no disciples or sects to offer sacrifices to him. However, the World Burying Coffin contained enormous amounts of world energy and all sorts of ancient treasures. It was definitely at the pinnacle of a Minor Chiliocosm. After obtaining it, all one needed to do was refine it a bit to establish a foundation for a Minor Chiliocosm. That was why the Celestial Calmness Department had to obtain it.

Once they did, they could combine it with the Common Life's Wish sphere to create a Minor Chiliocosm that could rival the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. Of course, the World Burying Coffin couldn't compare to the golden island.

The golden island had been created by the boundless Buddha and countless powerhouses of the ancient Buddhist Sect. They had spent countless years spreading their teachings throughout countless planes of existence. The boundless Buddha was an existence even more powerful than the Maha God, and was roughly on the same level as the three Celestials. As for the Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, he hadn't been able to transcend the Three Realms.