Chapter 25
==========

"Then, who do you think is stronger?" Heaven Talisman Emperor asked.

"Prince Nineteen's potential is limitless. Your Majesty's eyes are really sharp.

I think the Tenth Prince is about to break through to Dao Realm. There is a really strong power hiding in his body like a lightning dragon. Most of his power is suppressing and digesting this lightning dragon. Otherwise, Prince Nineteen might have suffered today. "Lou Chongxiao looked closely and he was really tactful. He didn't say who was stronger or weaker.

"Little Ten is too impatient. The bloodline in the Lightning Dragon Staff isn't easy to refine and he might be invaded by the lightning dragon." Heaven Talisman Emperor seemed to know everything.

"Perhaps the Tenth Prince wanted to use this to sharpen his will and overcome the erosion of the Thunder Dragon to improve his martial arts state. He is the blood of His Majesty, so naturally, he inherited the great temperament of His Majesty that suppressed the gods," Lou Chongxiao answered hurriedly.

"Hahaha, Chongxiao, you are getting better and better at sucking up."

Heaven Talisman Emperor laughed, "It seems like Baiyue is better than my son. The Hundred Tribulation Golden Pill is going to be hers."

"I am afraid. Seventh Highness is being humble and didn't attack. If he attacked, Baiyue would have lost." Lou Chongxiao was terrified.

"Little Seven, don't you agree?" Heaven Talisman Emperor asked.

"I am just at a higher realm. Baiyue's future achievements won't be any lower than mine." Seventh Prince Gu Fasha smiled humbly.

"How would I dare to compete with Seventh Highness?"

Lou Chongxiao shook his head, "Seventh Highness has cultivated the Samadhi True Fire for eight years and is just one step away from the Nine Transformation Glass Body. My daughter is like mud and clouds compared to him." "Enough."

Heaven Talisman Emperor waved his hands, "I know Baiyue's potential better than all of you. It seems like Little Nineteen and Little Ten have no chance of getting first. Tell them to stop and come see me. What is the point of fighting in front of so many nobles?" "Yes!" Lou Chongxiao suddenly attacked.

Gu Chensha and Gu Zhensha, who were adjusting their breathing and preparing to fight again, were immediately enveloped by an invisible force. They floated up and landed outside the tent.

"This is the seventh transformation of Dao Realm, Levitating Sky?

Using your own Stellar Energy to wrap around your body, you can glide and stand in the air. "Gu Chensha knew that his fight with Old Ten would definitely be stopped.

At the Dao Realm Seventh Transformation, one could cover themselves and others. The Xiantian Energy could be used freely and could even turn into blades, swords, and hands to strike through the air.

"Father."

As soon as he got out of the tent, the airflow surrounding him dissipated. He prostrated himself on the ground and said, "I didn't mean to fight with Tenth Brother. However, fighting with my brother in public is a violation of etiquette. I hope that Imperial Father will punish me."

He understood the personality of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Regardless of whether he was right or wrong, he would admit his guilt first. In reality, any powerful monarch would not like his subjects to argue with him.

"Imperial Father, I was wrong too."

When the Tenth Prince saw that Gu Chensha was faster than the others, he hurriedly knelt down. Although he looked rough and had an explosive personality, he was also a person who knew when to be tough and when to give in.

"It's good that you know your mistake. But this time, you attacked first."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor's tone was really calm, "Little Nineteen fought to protect himself. I saw it clearly."

"Imperial Father is right. Little Nineteen, it is my fault. I apologize to you." The Tenth Prince apologized right away.

"It is also my fault. I didn't manage our relationship well and made Tenth Brother angry." Gu Chensha returned the bow.

The two of them looked at each other and then moved away. The Tenth Prince's eyes were filled with killing intent while Gu Chensha was wary. He couldn't show any killing intent as he wouldn't be able to hide it from the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

"I won't punish you this time." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said, "Stand to the side and watch the battle."

Gu Chensha and the Tenth Prince stood to the side and didn't dare to say anything. But everyone knew that the two of them had a deep grudge with each other.

However, there were also some ministers who looked at Gu Chensha in a different light. At the very least, he had been conferred the title of Duke, opened a government office, and had the authority to run errands.

"Void Law Incantation, Grand Heavenly Dragon …"

At this moment, the sound of incantation echoed in the air. Gu Chensha's spirit jolted as he looked over. He discovered that Lou Baiyue's body was filled with a kind of holy influence. She moved as though she was in a parallel space.

She walked slowly, and everywhere she went, the barbarian generals fell one after another. Even the princes were forced to retreat.

"What kind of technique is this?" The Eighteenth Prince Gu Hongsha, the Fourteenth Prince Gu Yunsha, and the other princes were shocked.

"Void Grand Luo Art. Hmm, it seems like Baiyue obtained some of the ancient Son of Heaven's will. My divination is correct." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said.

"This sinner deserves death!" Lou Chongxiao quickly knelt down, trembling in fear.

"What are you afraid of? Looks like Baiyue didn't tell you. This is the location of the ancient Son of Heaven's will. The Pure Maiden is the Queen of Emptiness. Hence, I imparted the Pure Maiden Scripture to Baiyue to see if she could obtain this opportunity." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor stretched out his hand. "Get up, there's no need to be afraid."

"I don't know how to repay Your Majesty's kindness to the Lou Family." Lou Chongxiao climbed up and his forehead was covered in sweat.

While they were talking, the number of barbarian generals in the forest had decreased rapidly. With Lou Baiyue's killing speed, it was as easy as cutting melons and vegetables. Many princes had also displayed their unique skills, hoping to surpass Lou Baiyue. After all, this Hundred Tribulation Golden Pill was too tempting.

"As expected, there are many hidden talents among the princes. Some of them haven't shown their true strength."

Gu Chensha was watching carefully. He didn't have high hopes for this Hundred Tribulation Golden Pill. Even if he could get it, there was no need for him to do such a thing. Moreover, even if he went all out, he wouldn't be able to beat Lou Baiyue.

Who knew what kind of fortuitous encounter Lou Baiyue had? She wasn't at Dao Realm but she had Dao Realm strength. There was a shocking amount of energy hidden in her body. Ao ao … Just at that moment, a cruel aura and roar spread over. The smell of blood spread out. Something weird happened in the forest.

After Lou Baiyue's display of power, the princes slowly gained the upper hand. They forced all the barbarian generals into a small circle and they were like trapped beasts.

More than thirty barbarian generals stood in a circle, watching the princes and Lou Baiyue walking slowly towards them. They howled like wild beasts, and one of the generals howled at the sky while chanting a spell. Vaguely, a mysterious and dangerous aura spread out from the sky.

"This is …" The princes felt the danger and stopped in their tracks.

"Don't move! These barbarians are sacrificing. "Gu Hongsha roared and retreated. Apart from Lou Baiyue, all the princes started to retreat.

As expected, the barbarian who was chanting suddenly knelt down like he was worshipping something. The other barbarians stabbed their chests and blood splattered. Their hearts were dug out by themselves.

"Noble God, we are sacrificing ourselves and offering our souls. God, send down your power to kill these humans." All the barbarians chanted and fell to the ground.

Meanwhile, the remaining Barbarian's body began to shine with a blood-red light, and a circle of blood-red light appeared behind his head. The stench of blood filled the air, and even the pure white snow was dyed bright red. At the same time, thick fur grew all over the Barbarian's body. His nails were sharp, making him look like a vicious wolf, and his fangs also appeared at the corners of his mouth. In an instant, the barbarian turned into a demon.

"Sacrifice power?

30 barbarians sacrificed themselves and used their souls to buff it. This is a sacrifice to their evil god. "

Gu Chensha saw this and laughed coldly. This was a sacrifice that made one neither human nor ghost. But this was the first time he had seen another sacrifice.

This kind of sacrifice was far from that of a sacrifice to the heavens. "I wonder how Lou Baiyue is going to deal with it? This barbarian is probably a Dao Realm expert. Does she think that she can win? " Gu Chensha watched from afar as the other princes retreated, but Lou Baiyue stepped forward. Crunch crunch. Lou Baiyue stepped on the snow with a muffled sound.

She got close to the barbarian who had turned into a monster. The smell of blood spread everywhere but she didn't care at all. She used a seal and the blood in her body moved without any wind. Energy waves surged and forced the blood mist away. She was like a demon suppressing god that wiped out all evil.

"Emperor, the barbarian's blood sacrifice has connected to the evil god and his strength has increased. Could it be …" Lou Chongxiao saw this and walked forwards to ask.

"Baiyue's martial arts are good, let's watch."

Heaven Talisman Emperor didn't intend to attack but a cold intent appeared on his face, "That barbarian wolf actually dared to accept the sacrifice in front of me. The ancient scriptures said that when the Saint is the Dao, ghosts aren't gods.

It seems like I am not a saint. Even demons and ghosts dare to show off their abilities in front of me. " "The Lord insults me and I deserve to die."

A few officials knelt down. The other nobles were shocked and followed suit. They could tell that Heaven Talisman Emperor's killing intent could slay gods and slay celestials.

"Emperor, with your skills, you can cut off the evil god's God Power tunnel." Lou Chongxiao kowtowed.

"Even if I do, I won't be able to hurt his main body."

Heaven Talisman Emperor looked into the sky, "So, I want to conquer the barbarian and kill his descendants and believers. This will cause him to lose the sacrifice source and the source of his strength. When that happens, no matter where he runs to, he won't be able to escape death."