Chapter 1058
============

Together

"Good!"

Mister Wuwu looked at everything, even Meholi's body. When he saw Teddy Lin Yu and Meholi working together, he couldn't help but exclaim in admiration.

"The plan worked." Mister Wuwu, Mister Wuxin, Mister Wuwei, and Mister Wuxiang had all gathered.

"Gentlemen, what's the plan? How did it work?" Long Xiangtian was still confused.

"It's actually very simple."

Mister Wuwu explained to Long Xiangtian, "Now, after Meholi and Teddy Lin Yu come into contact, they'll obtain each other's secrets and find a way to devour each other. Once they devour each other, they'll obtain the true Invincible Realm. But all of this is still under the control of the Arcane World's Origin. The Arcane World's Origin will eventually harvest both of them and turn them into true Invincible World Beings.

Moreover, the Arcane World's Origin has the intention of rebelling against Gu Chensha. With my guidance, it'll be able to deal the most fatal blow to Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha is constantly strengthening the Arcane Network and the Arcane Kingdom. He's trying to make this network into a big net, trap me in it, and finally kill me.

Unfortunately, he's cultivated an ungrateful person. The Arcane Network has become his enemy, especially now that Meholi and Teddy Lin Yu hate Gu Chensha to the core. Even if they don't integrate into the Arcane Network, they can join forces with the Arcane Network to suppress Gu Chensha.

In this way, Gu Chensha is digging his own grave by killing me in order to create the Arcane Network. If I don't do anything now, I can make him fall into trouble and eventually die. Isn't that great? "

"But …" Long Xiangtian said, "Gu Chensha has always been in control of the overall situation. For so many years, he's never suffered a loss. Countless people have been defeated by him. He's almost invincible. There's no way he can't see such an obvious movement. Although I don't know what he's doing, digging his own grave is often his own trap." "I've also considered this matter."

Mister Invincible was listening to Long Xiangtian's suggestion. "Actually, it's very possible that Gu Chensha is playing along, but I still can't figure out how he's going to do that. That's the scary part. Of course, even if the Arcana Network reaches the Undying Realm and becomes my trap to trap Gu Chensha, I won't be able to seal or kill him. He's too strong. Here's the situation. If Gu Chensha doesn't care about the price, he can kill us. But even if we don't care about the price, we can't kill him.

If Gu Chensha was willing to give up this multidimensional universe and the new world, he could kill us. However, he can't. This is my chance of survival. " "Then how can we kill Gu Chensha?"

Hearing this, Long Xiangtian was in despair. He didn't know how he could kill Gu Chensha. Mister Invincible was the most terrifying thing in the multidimensional universe. If he didn't have a way to kill Gu Chensha, then who could kill Gu Chensha?

"Gu Chensha can kill Gu Chensha himself," Mister Invincible said.

"The current Gu Chensha is invincible, but that doesn't mean that Gu Chensha will be invincible in the future. The world is developing. Look, a few decades ago, there weren't many Heavenly Dao Realm experts. But after Fa Wuxian was destroyed, Heavenly Dao Realm experts appeared like bamboo shoots after the rain. As for how many there are now, I don't think you can calculate it. As time passes, there will be more Undying Realm experts. Right now, only Gu Chensha, the four of us, and the gourd that Fa Wuxian transformed into make six. But I feel that in the near future, there will be sixty or even six hundred Undying Realm experts. Think about it, we five Undying Realm experts can't do anything to him, but what about fifty? What about five hundred?

If we all go against him, won't he be in a terrible situation? Maybe he'll even be sealed by us together?

Plus, although he has created the tenth level of the Undying Realm, if one day, someone surpasses him and reaches the Undying Realm before him, what will happen to him? Do you really think he's invincible?

No matter how strong an existence is, invincible only belongs to a certain era. Right now, it's Gu Chensha's era. I admit that he's ruling this era, but the next era won't be his era. "

"We can only protect our own lives and wait for the arrival of the next era. Or we can scheme and become the main characters of the next era."

Long Xiangtian seemed to understand something. "Right, I have another question. You are the products of the old world's Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian's fusion. Logically speaking, the four of you were born first, and that terrifying thing still exists. How many Misters will be born?" "Almost."

Mister Wuxiang said, "Our Mister Wuwu, Mister Wuxin, Mister Wuwei, and Mister Wuxiang are indeed the first batch to be born. In the future, more misters will be born. Of course, the ones who will be born in the future might not be misters, but rather streams of qi that will be obtained by some fated people. After those fated people obtain them, they will have the potential to become immortal, just like the choices of protagonists. In the end, they will fight each other and become the protagonists of the next era.

"I see. Does Gu Chensha know about this?" Long Xiangtian asked again.

"He's clear about it, but he didn't stop it. In his heart, there's actually a sense of confidence. That is, he's the main character of this era, he'll still be the main character in the next era, and even in the era after that, in the eternal era, he'll still be the main character. Confidence is a good thing, but overconfidence is a bad thing. "Mister Wuxiang said.

"Then we'll wait for the arrival of the new era."

Long Xiangtian said, "But operating in the Arcane Kingdom, since we can't kill Gu Chensha and we can't seal Gu Chensha, what's the point of our operation?"

"Although we can't kill Gu Chensha and we can't seal Gu Chensha, we can inflict serious damage on him so that he can't kill us anymore. In this way, we can remove the threat and win precious time. In addition, it's a major blow to Gu Chensha's destiny. It can weaken his destiny and let all the creatures under his oppression breathe a sigh of relief. In this way, that's the best era.

And if he loses this time, we can get his immortal structure. In that way, we also have a chance to surpass Gu Chensha. This war layout is the beginning of Gu Chensha's downhill road. Once he goes downhill, it'll be difficult for him to come back. "

Mister Wuxiang was very accurate: "It's easy to turn a small ship, but if the ship is too big, it's not easy to turn back."

"Indeed, not to mention a behemoth like Gu Chensha, even a huge empire, if it starts to go downhill, there's basically no possibility of it rising again."

After all these years, Long Xiangtian was no longer the insufferably arrogant person who had obtained the Variant Origin Source.

"Long Xiangtian, do you know why we look at you with new eyes?"

Mister Wuxiang said, "Because you're also the recipient of the source of variation. In fact, you're our brother. But although your source of variation has been extracted, in fact, the birth of your soul itself is because of the source of variation." Long Xiangtian was indeed the recipient of the source of variation.

Back then, the source of variation hadn't evolved, and hadn't reached the undying realm. But at that time, once one obtained the source of variation, one would truly become a powerhouse. Long Xiangtian was like that, Gu Tiansha was like that, and so was Gu Daoxian. Even some of the current Variant Ancestor Liu Chansha and Taoist Ancestor Hongling Sha had the source of variation in their bodies.

Gu Daoxian's source of variation was originally a hundred times stronger than Long Xiangtian's, but it was later injected into Yi Ancestor Zhang Yiren's body.

Therefore, those who obtained the source of variation actually had the potential to reach the undying realm. If one were to ask who would have the chance to reach the undying realm in the future, it would undoubtedly be these people who obtained the source of variation.

"That means I also have the chance to reach the undying realm?" Long Xiangtian was excited.

"Of course. Actually, right now, Gu Chensha is too strong. He's making it extremely difficult for many people to advance. As long as his fate continues to decline, you'll all rise up immediately.

Long Xiangtian, I asked you to contact everyone. How are you contacting those who obtained the source of variation. For example, Liu Chansha and Hongling Sha. "

Mister Wu Wu said, "Tell them that as long as they suppress Gu Chensha's fate, they can use the source of variation to advance again and reach the undying realm. Let them come to me and manage the Arcane Kingdom. Once they successfully suppress Gu Chensha's fate, the benefits will be unimaginable. A new era is coming."

"I'll do that right away. Also, I'm afraid that Gu Huasha will also be a big obstacle. After all, he and Gu Chensha are brothers …" Long Xiangtian said. He was trying to sow discord.

"Gu Huasha is the best trump card against Gu Chensha, but you still don't understand the key point."

Mister Wu Wu waved his hand. "The most important thing right now is not to fight among yourselves. As long as you successfully suppress Gu Chensha's fate and injure him, you'll be able to take it easy in the future." "I understand." Long Xiangtian disappeared.

After Long Xiangtian disappeared, a person appeared in front of Mister Wu Wu and the others. It was Gu Huasha, The Fourth. The Nihility Ancestor.

He looked at Long Xiangtian's disappearing figure and sneered. "This Long Xiangtian is still useless. With such means, he wants to reach the undying realm? What a joke. "