Chapter 181
===========

"What kind of cultivation technique is that?

Why have I never seen it before? And you, little girl, why do you have such dense Innate Stellar Qi? " The elder struggled to get up, but due to his severe injuries, he did not dare to act rashly.

Based on his experience, the three of them were all inconceivable. Their cultivations surpassed the scope of his understanding.

"Seal him and capture him. We'll interrogate him slowly." The Fourth took a step forward and was about to attack when a voice suddenly came from afar.

"Have mercy."

A man holding a folding fan and dressed in the uniform of the imperial court descended from the sky. He immediately knelt on one knee and greeted, "This lowly official, Jin Suibo, pays his respects to Princess Yuefu and the two Kings." "Jin Suibo?"

Lou Baiyue looked at the man and frowned. "You are Seventh Prince's advisor, an elder of the Unbounded Heavenly Sect who was recommended by Seventh Prince. Now, you are one of the five commanders of the Iron Blood Guard under Marquis Iron Blood?" This person was Seventh Prince Gufasa's advisor, Mister Jin.

"Jin Suibo?

You are an elder of the Unbounded Heavenly Sect, yet you are working for the imperial court in the mortal world. What happened? "The elder recognized him. The two of them seemed to be very familiar.

"Daoist Brother Luo Xiu, I remember that you were cultivating the Three Primordial Extreme Dao Force in seclusion. Have you finally mastered it? You do not understand the current situation. Do not act rashly. Let me explain. "

Jin Suibo stood up and said to Lou Baiyue, "Princess Yuefu, two Kings, Daoist Brother Luo Xiu was once a good friend of mine. He is the sect master of the Three Primordial Sect. Although he does not belong to the ancient seventy-two sects, his influence is not small. He is famous in the Immortal Dao. He has once vanquished demons and has always been meritorious. This time, he offended the three of you because he was ignorant and did not know the changes in the world. I hope the three of you can forgive him and allow him to redeem himself. " "Jin Suibo, what are you doing here?" Lou Baiyue ignored him and asked instead.

"There are demons roaming about here. I'm afraid there's trouble. The Iron Blood Marquis ordered me to investigate." Jin Suibo said.

"Then do you know that I received orders from His Majesty to establish the Celestial Calmness Department? Your Brother Luo Xiu not only disobeyed orders, he also committed treason and attacked a prince. Even the ancient 72 sects would be exterminated for such a crime. How did your Limitless Celestial Sect get destroyed back then?

You should still remember, right? "The Fourth spoke. He was not polite at all. He did not care about this former elder of the Limitless Heavenly Sect.

Gu Chensha, on the other hand, was a reserved person. He observed the changes without saying anything.

"What? The Limitless Heavenly Sect was destroyed? "The old man Luo Xiu's expression changed drastically.

"Brother, the Limitless Heavenly Sect disobeyed the orders of the Imperial Court. His Majesty tore apart the mountain gate and exterminated the entire sect. As a sinner, I was tempered by the Seventh Prince to redeem myself. Now that I'm working for the Imperial Court, I don't dare to have any improper thoughts."

Jin Suibo said, "The current Emperor has completely surpassed the ancient Emperor and suppressed the gods of good and evil. The ancient 72 sects have no choice but to listen to his orders. Brother, you must not make a mistake and listen to the arrangements of the Celestial Calmness Department. Obediently register the situation of your sect and pay taxes. As the first sect to listen to the Imperial Court's arrangements, you might receive great benefits." "Brother Jin, you …" Killing intent appeared in the old man Luo Xiu's eyes.

Jin Suibo hurriedly went up and pressed on the old man Luo Xiu's shoulder. "Brother, you must not act rashly. Let me explain the current situation to you."

"My time is limited." Lou Baiyue looked at the sky. "Make a decision quickly. You're called Luo Xiu, right? Three Extreme Sect's sect master? I'll suppress you and talk to you later. " "Wait a moment, wait a moment."

Jin Suibo knelt on one knee again. "Princess, when the Celestial Calmness Department was first established, it should focus on conciliation. I once had some influence in the Celestial Dao and am willing to be at the Celestial Calmness Department's beck and call. I'll make those Celestial Dao sects obediently obey the law, pay taxes, and register them." "Oh?"

Lou Baiyue retracted her palm. "Jin Suibo, why are you helping me? You're Old Seven's man. Do you want to betray your master? That's not a very good reputation. "

"I was recommended by His Highness Seventh, but I'm also an official of the Imperial Court. I'm loyal to the Imperial Court and His Majesty. Is that not okay?

Even His Highness Seventh has to be loyal to His Majesty. I'm still very clear on what is great loyalty and what is small loyalty, "Jin Suibo said sincerely.

"Very good." Lou Baiyue clasped her hands behind her back. "I'll give you an hour. How about you convince this Luo Xiu? So that you can fulfill your friendship. " "Many thanks, Princess."

Jin Suibo's face lit up with joy. He then pulled Luo Xiu and said something to him. Luo Xiu's face darkened as he listened. After his anger, there was a hint of fear. Finally, it turned into fear. His expression changed a few times, and no one knew what he was thinking.

Almost an hour later, Luo Xiu came over under Jin Suibo's lead. He knelt on one knee in front of Lou Baiyue. "This lowly deity pays his respects to Princess Yuefu. This lowly deity didn't know the might of the Imperial Court and offended you. This lowly deity deserves death. This lowly deity is willing to make amends by registering with the Celestial Calmness Department and paying taxes."

"Very good. Register your sect's members, assets, cultivation base, treasures, and inventory. After that, the Imperial Court will collect taxes according to your sect's headcount and property. Since you're the first sect to submit to the Imperial Court, you'll be given a discount." Lou Baiyue didn't bat an eyelid and did things according to the rules.

"Yes."

Luo Xiu took out a booklet from his bosom. "This lowly deity is the Sect Leader of the Three Extremes Sect. I have the name list of my sect and assets with me. I can give them to the Imperial Court. As for the taxes, this lowly deity doesn't have that many assets on me. Can you record them down for now? When this lowly deity returns to the sect, I'll take out enough taxes and hand them over to the Celestial Calmness Department three days later." "Since you've said so, and the Imperial Court isn't an unreasonable person, you can go ahead."

Lou Baiyue waved her hand and kept the two booklets. "Three days later, you can go to the Celestial Calmness Department to pay the taxes yourself. You can also send a disciple over. After paying the taxes, your sect will have the authority to accept disciples from anywhere in the world. However, you'll have to get the other party's permission to accept disciples. At the same time, you'll have to come to my Celestial Calmness Department to register." "Yes, yes, yes." Luo Xiu hurriedly replied.

"Let's go." Lou Baiyue took the lead and flew into the depths of the Burial Grounds.

Gu Chensha and The Fourth followed behind. "Baiyue, I don't think that Luo Xiu will be convinced at all. I'm afraid that he won't really deliver the taxes three days later. I think we can place a restriction on him." "There's no need. Even if we place a restriction, he can find someone to undo it."

Lou Baiyue waved her hand. "Moreover, it's not good for the Imperial Court to be too stingy. He's committed a great crime this time, so let's record it for now. If he goes back on his word, it'll add to his crime. When the time comes, we'll start with his sect. Moreover, I think that Jin Suibo might really persuade him to pay the taxes. " "What do you think Jin Suibo is thinking? What kind of trick is he playing? "

Gu Chensha pondered. "I keep getting the feeling that he's not very loyal to Old Seven, but he doesn't want to rely on us either. As for loyalty to the Imperial Court, that's even more unreliable."

"Regardless of what he thinks, our Calming Immortal Department does indeed need people like him to go around persuading the smaller immortal dao sects. The ancient seventy-two sects have their own dignity. They won't submit to the Imperial Court for the time being. We can't do anything about the seventy-two sects, so we can only clean up the smaller sects first."

The Fourth also had his own ideas. "However, I think that forcibly collecting taxes might cause a backlash. I think we should still give them some benefits, using both carrot and stick." "Our current savings are shallow, and there's nothing to give."

Lou Baiyue frowned. "I'll consider this matter. The immortal dao isn't peaceful either, and the sects fight with each other. Perhaps we can start from this aspect."

"Yes, I think that the Imperial Court can intervene in the grievances between the immortal dao sects." Gu Chensha said, "We can help the weaker ones, and they'll naturally rely on the Imperial Court." "That works too."

Lou Baiyue's eyes lit up. "In the end, our Calming Immortal Department is still too weak. Let's go and snatch Buzhou Palace!

If my cultivation improves a few more times and my soul leaves the body, then I can even take a look at the ancient seventy-two sects. "

Lou Baiyue's cultivation was at Dao Realm Transformation 11, Soul Tentacle. She still had to cross Soul Snatching at Transformation 12, Demon Swallowing and Ghost Eating at Transformation 13, and Soul Leaving the Body at Transformation 14.

Only when her soul left the body would she be able to use the power of the soul. The Great Massacre God Technique's killing strength would increase by at least 10 times. Even some experts above Dao Realm Transformation 20 wouldn't be able to do anything to her.

Moreover, she could truly activate the Vast Thousand Mirror, Dragon Ship, Ten Thousand Mile Flying Cloud Flag, and some other treasures on her body.

The current Lou Baiyue was a terrifying person. Seeing how she defeated Luo Xiu, one could tell how strong she was. At that moment, Luo Xiu and Jin Suibo stood on the spot and looked on as the three of them left.

Unprecedented hatred appeared on Luo Xiu's face, "Brother Jin, I know what you said just now. Are the celestial sects really going to submit to the Imperial Court? Since ancient times, the Imperial Court has never collected taxes from the celestial path. Even the ancient emperors didn't dare to do that." "So what if they are ancient emperors?

They can't even compare to the Heaven Talisman Emperor. If we submit now, we won't suffer any losses. "

Jin Suibo's eyes swirled, "Brother Jin, I have seen it clearly. We were good friends in the past and I am afraid that you will suffer losses. I know that you have been in secluded meditation for 100 years and your cultivation has improved, but you are definitely not a match for Lou Baiyue."

"Is the Great Massacre God Technique really so strong?" Luo Xiu was unhappy, "I was too careless and didn't use many of my skills."

"Even if you execute it, it's all in vain. You haven't truly witnessed the power of the Great Massacre Divine Art. All cultivation techniques have their own limits. Innate Astral Energy can't be limitless, but the Great Massacre Divine Art is truly inexhaustible."

Jin Suibo said, "Lou Baiyue is the true successor of the Heaven Talisman Emperor. She is the only one who has cultivated the Great Massacre God Technique. It is normal that you are not her match." "Do I really have to pay taxes?" Evil flames rose in Luo Xiu's heart again.

"Of course, if you don't pay taxes, they will dare to attack the sect and exterminate you. Moreover, without the celestial path sects to help you, the Black Heaven Earth Sect and the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons were humiliated. They even endured it, so why can't you? And if you endure it, who knows, in the future, when the Black Heaven Earth Sect falls, your Three Extreme Sect might have a chance to rise again. You are also a person with deep cultivation, can't you see that the world has changed and a new era has arrived?" Jin Suibo said.

"Then in Brother Jin's opinion, what should I do?"

Luo Xiu said doubtfully, "I know that Brother Jin has been hiding in the dark and has already mastered the many dao techniques recorded in the Peerless Heavenly Book. I can only follow your lead. "