Chapter 1046
============

The Arcane Kingdom

Gu Chensha became a small aristocrat in the Arcane Kingdom. He didn't do it out of bad taste, he wanted to taste the taste of turning from a big shot into an ant. He wanted to lay out a plan to wipe out Mr. Nothingness and the others in one fell swoop. Secondly, the Arcane Kingdom did have a huge destiny in this universe. With the rise of destiny, he was afraid that there would be a big shot.

This part of the universe had undergone Fa Wuxian's Big Bang, causing hundreds of universes to fuse together to form a gigantic universe. If this gigantic universe eventually gave birth to a master, then that master's strength would be infinitely close to the Undying Realm. As long as he had the slightest chance in the future, he would be able to ascend to the Undying Realm.

Gu Chensha naturally had to carefully observe, understand and explore such a character. He was the best test subject. Of course, the Arcane Kingdom hadn't really unified the giant universe.

In the giant universe, there were many forces that were not inferior to the Arcane Kingdom. Of course, in Gu Chensha's view, the Arcane Kingdom had actually vaguely occupied a dominant position in the giant universe. Because that system had the most potential for development.

Everyone had the possibility to awaken the power of arcane magic. Even the most humble slave, as long as he awakened the power of arcane magic and became an arcane apprentice, he could immediately become a superior person.

Moreover, the arcanists connected to the Arcane Network, contributed their own mental strength, extracted arcane magic from the Arcane Network and integrated it into themselves. That would ensure that the Arcane Kingdom would become stronger and stronger. The power of the network was like a system, it was incredibly tyrannical. It was a virtuous cycle, it was somewhat similar to the Dragonless Cultivation Method, where everyone contributed their own mental strength to create the world.

But it was different from the Dragonless Cultivation Method. The Dragonless Cultivation Method was purely giving to the world, it didn't need the world to give anything to you. Now, the Arcane Kingdom was getting as much as it gave. That situation was also good.

Of course, if the arcanists didn't use the network of the Arcane Kingdom, it was possible, but the power of the arcane magic would be significantly weakened.

The same Flash Spell, if it was exerted by one's own power, it could only illuminate a small area. But with the power of the Arcane Network, the power would be ten times greater.

The Arcane Network was a collective power, people relied on the collective power to exert their power to the extreme.

"If my calculations are correct, the gourd is hidden in the capital city, and the person who obtained it did not discover it."

Gu Chensha looked at the room around him. It was only about 100 square meters, and the room was in a mess. There was also a pungent smell, which was poisonous gas. This small noble had died from this poisonous gas. This little noble's name was Nader.

He had whipped a slave a long time ago, but that slave had awakened his Arcana Technique recently and become an Arcana Master. As such, he secretly unleashed a poisonous Arcana Technique to kill Nader on the spot.

Gu Chensha swept a little, the cause and effect of the entire Arcane Kingdom, everything and everything was vivid in his eyes, nothing could be hidden from him. He snapped his fingers and the room was cleaned up. The room was very sloppy, but it was completely cleaned up by that arcane spell and became as clean as new. Even some old tables and rusted steel bars on the windows looked brand new.

"Arcane spells are really interesting. This is a Cleaning Spell, a Renewal Spell that can instantly clean an area, and even make old things look brand new. But it's not like turning back time. Interesting, interesting. "

Gu Chensha had just used two arcane spells with just a snap of his fingers. There were no attacking methods, they were purely used in daily life.

These two arcane spells, the Cleaning Spell, were instantly activated, cleaning up all the dust, dirt, even waste gas, even tiny insect eggs, harmful parasitic organisms, annoying mosquitoes, cockroaches, etc.

This kind of spell, even an expert at the 20th Transformation of the Dao Realm who had cultivated magic power would find it difficult to do. But this kind of arcane spell could be mastered by a Level Five Arcana Master.

And the combat power of a Level Five Arcana Master wasn't even as good as someone at the 5th Transformation of the Dao Realm. But in terms of changing the world and quality of life, they were far better than cultivators.

However, cultivators themselves didn't care about the quality of life. They absorbed spiritual energy without eating, and every day in the deep mountains and forests, the sky was their blanket and the earth was their bed. They cared about absolute freedom, but the arcane spells of the Arcane Kingdom focused on collective power. Bang bang bang … At that moment, there was a knock on the door.

Gu Chensha flicked his fingers again and the door opened automatically. This was the Arcane Hand, also a Level Five arcane spell.

There was a girl standing at the door. She had black hair, blue eyes, and a tall figure. Looking at how she dressed, she seemed to be a noble.

"Nader, I heard that Meholly ordered people to cause trouble for you yesterday. Are you okay?" The girl asked.

Gu Chensha immediately knew that this girl was called Luo Lan, and she was Nader's childhood friend. But Nader had always been dispirited and didn't want to make progress. This girl was very disappointed with Luo Lan, but she still cared about Nader.

Luo Lan was also a noble, much better than the poor Nader. She was studying in the Arcane Academy, and although she didn't awaken her arcane talent, she did well in the arcane theory exam.

In the Arcane Kingdom, there were many Arcane Academies. As long as one had money, one could enter them for further study. However, whether one could awaken their arcane talent depended on luck. Many nobles spent huge amounts of money on tuition fees, but in the end, they achieved nothing.

Of course, studying in the Arcane Academy and learning arcane knowledge had a higher chance of awakening than commoners.

Generally speaking, only the particularly rich nobles would send their children to study in the Arcane Academy. Especially for girls, in the Arcane Continent, there were still some patriarchal ideas.

"It's okay."

Gu Chensha replied casually. The Meholly that Luo Lan mentioned was the former slave who suddenly awakened his arcane talent and became an arcanist.

"The status of arcanists is too high. We nobles have to bow our heads in front of them. If he wants to deal with you now, it's basically a piece of cake.

My family still has some forces, and there are arcanists behind us to protect us. If it weren't for that, he would even want to deal with me. So that he can humiliate me and achieve his goal of humiliating you, "Luo Lan said.

"He does want to kill me, but I've also awakened my arcane talent."

At this time, Gu Chensha smiled. Suddenly, a flame appeared on his finger, and within the flame, a human figure appeared.

"Oh my god, what is this? This is a fire arcane spell, a flame spirit. To reach this level of arcane spell, it's at least above level 30. How is it possible? "Luo Lan was shocked.

She studied at the Arcane Academy. Although she hadn't awakened her arcane talent, she was very familiar with arcane knowledge.

Fire arcane spells were mainstream. To reach the higher levels of fire arcane spells, the most important sign was the birth of a flame spirit. A flame spirit was a life form with intelligence condensed from the fire element.

This intelligent flame spirit was extremely powerful. It could be said that it had reached the 21st transformation of the Dao Realm, the realm of the Five Elements.

When one reached the realm of the Five Elements, their magic power could change into metal, wood, water, fire, and earth.

Now that arcane spells had reached level 30, the birth of a flame spirit was about the same. Although it was a small flame spirit, it could burn a city, destroy a country, and dry a river. No army would be a match for it.

"I had a fortuitous encounter and directly awakened my arcane talent."

Gu Chensha smiled. His intuition told him that the undying realm gourd would probably fall into the hands of Meholly. This was because of Fa Wuxian's imprint.

If he turned into a small noble like Nader, then his enemy Meholly would obtain the gourd and go against him.

Of course, this was also one of his own plans. The reason why he turned into a small noble like Nader wasn't that he was bored, but he wanted to trigger the appearance of the gourd and then start to lay out his plan.

As soon as he appeared in the Arcane Kingdom, he would use his identity and breath to slightly guide the fate. The deep hatred of Fa Wuxian's imprint in the gourd would awaken and automatically choose those who were against him to appear. In this way, he could lock the position of the gourd and cast a long line to catch a big fish.

Then, he would appreciate the customs of the Arcane Kingdom, the way it operated, and the changes in people's hearts. In the future changes of the human world, the Arcane Kingdom would definitely have a place in the arcane world.

He sowed the human world and let it naturally produce valuable things. The Arcane Kingdom was the valuable fruit.

"Don't tell others that it's a great era, it's turbulent."

Gu Chensha said to Luo Lan, "Anyone can reach the sky in a single bound. Our Arcane Kingdom has been fighting outside every year and expanding our forces. There will be many masters in the future. I can help you awaken your arcane talent now and let you directly become an arcanist."

With Gu Chensha's current cultivation, the Arcane Kingdom was just like dust in his hands. He could blow away 100 million of them in one breath. But now he was observing the civilization, it was very interesting. At the moment, he pointed his finger.

Immediately, Luo Lan's arcane talent was awakened. She wasn't an arcane apprentice, but an arcanist. Then her arcane level was upgraded, level one, level two, level three … all the way up, she reached level 30.

"My God, I've become a level 30 arcanist?"

Luo Lan couldn't believe her hands. She was in a daze. After a while, she suddenly condensed the flame and the same flame sprite appeared.