Chapter 581
===========

It was impossible for a Martial Emperor to be successfully brainwashed. If they succeeded, they would not have become an anomaly. Anyone who could become an anomaly would have an unwavering will, a spirit that surpassed the Saints, and the solitude of going against the heavens. Even if they were to become enemies with everyone in the world, they would not waver in the slightest. How could this person be convinced? Dissuaded?

Gu Chensha didn't want to kill Martial Emperor. He was a talent and if he could subdue him, he would be of great use in the future.

Even with Jing Fanxing's ferocity, he only crippled him and used the Banishing Celestial Palm to take everything from him. He didn't kill him.

Martial Emperor was an outlier and couldn't be stripped of his talent. His cultivation was so high that it was impossible to strip him of his talent without harming his life. Since that was the case, Gu Chensha could only kill him for the sake of the bigger picture.

He spread his fingers and the tentacles of the Tree of Hope swept over, wrapping around Martial Emperor and sucking him dry. The Common People's Wish ball wriggled and digested Martial Emperor.

The Martial Emperor roared again and again, but it was useless. His power was being drained away continuously, and his entire body started to merge into the Tree of Hope. The Tree of Hope absorbed his power, and the God of Hope turned the sky and earth upside down, breathing in and out. It was invincible in the world. Martial Emperor cursed and was filled with hatred.

Gu Chensha shook his head and sighed, "The Dao of Outliers is not to be underestimated. Martial Emperor, you went through so much and finally comprehended it. Unfortunately, you died before you could succeed. If you could use this Dao to contribute to the world, how great would that be? Unfortunately, you are too ambitious and self-centered. You will definitely be despised." "Gu Chensha, you junior, I won't die.

I am immortal. Even if you destroy my true body, I still have many ways to revive. From now on, we will fight to the death. "Martial Emperor's curses became stronger and stronger.

"Martial Emperor, after I refine you, I will obtain all your memories. Naturally, I will know that you have many ways to revive. If I search for them one by one, I will destroy all of them."

Gu Chensha's words left the Martial Emperor in despair. "After we refine you, this Minor Chiliocosm will become a Medium Chiliocosm. At that time, do you think you can still be resurrected?"

"I don't believe it!" The tenacity of the Martial Emperor made Gu Chensha gasp in amazement and secretly admire him.

Gu Chensha stopped talking to the Martial Emperor. He activated the Heavenly Dao and infused it into the Tree of Desire, weakening the Martial Emperor once again. The Martial Emperor's final roar gradually weakened.

In the end, the Martial Emperor turned into a ball of majestic Emperor Qi, and a pearl similar to the Mutated Pill appeared at its core.

"Divergent Heart!" Gu Chensha exclaimed.

When he saw the Martial Emperor's Mutated Heart, he realized that it was similar to the Heaven-Defying Mutated Pill created by the Xing Qiong Clan.

"Xing Qiong Clan is really strong, he can actually create a Divergent Heart!

I used the Heaven-Defying Mutated Pill to refine the pill. Originally, there were many parts that I couldn't comprehend, but now it seems like the Martial Emperor's Mutated Heart and the Heaven-Defying Mutated Pill are compatible, allowing me to comprehend more things. "At this moment, Gu Chensha was filled with admiration towards Xing Qiong Clan.

Xing Qiong Clan's strength had reached another limit. He was probably stronger than any one of the three Heavenly Venerables, and he seemed to have reached a higher realm.

Normally speaking, after the Dao Realm 36 Transformations, one would jump out of the three realms and not be within the five elements. Such a realm was indescribable. However, as for how this realm was divided, Gu Chensha didn't know. That was because such a realm was hard to describe with words.

After reaching such a realm, everything would change and one would even touch upon the true meaning of immortality.

From Xing Qiongshi's perspective, there were many more changes after the thirty-six transformations, and that wasn't all. Other than that, no one knew what realm Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian was at. But it could be said that he was far above the three Heavenly Venerables.

"Divergent Heart!"

Just at this moment, Gu Chensha suddenly activated the Heaven Dao Art. He started to transform into the Divergent Heart. He combined the changes of the Heaven-Defying Divergent Pill and also observed the Martial Emperor's Divergent Heart. He used the Heaven Dao Art to transform himself. Honglong!

The Divergent Heart that he transformed into seemed like it was about to condense at any moment. If it succeeded, Gu Chensha himself would become a Divergent.

Unfortunately, no matter how much he transformed, the Divergent Heart was just a little bit away from completion. After circulating it for a long time, he transformed back once more and a contemplative expression appeared on his face.

"King is just a little bit away from completing the Divergent Dao."

Zhuge Ya said, "Just a small opportunity and you will be able to break through and become a Divergent.

Your Highness, with the cultivation of the Heavenly Dao Arts, you have become a Divergent, and your control over magic power will be able to bring out the best in each other. The Martial Emperor no longer has a chance to make a comeback. All of his magic power has been sucked away, and the source of his world energy has also begun to be refined. Even if he has become a Divergent's heart, it will only take him a few hours to put up a resistance. "

"After refining this Divergent Heart, the Tree of Wishes will be able to advance further and reach the highest level of evolution. It can even break through the changes of the Tree of Wishes and get closer to the Grandmist Tree. "

Gu Chensha said, "The Martial Emperor indeed can't turn things around. In that case, I won't care about this matter. After I refine the Martial Emperor, this world will naturally advance to a medium-grade world. This Divergent Heart will be the best catalyst."

"Indeed, Divergent Hearts are even rarer than Saints. Even the Black Heaven Earth Gate has never refined a Divergent Heart before. In fact, no Divergent Heart has appeared since ancient times.

For us to be able to refine the Martial Emperor means that we have the upper hand in this calamity. "

Zhuge Ya was also carefully examining the Divergent Heart. He was now a double Lord of Seven Stars, and the quality of his magic power was comparable to the Dharma Saint's. He surpassed any Saint that had existed since ancient times. However, he still wanted to comprehend the Divergent Heart and learn more.

"The Dharma Saint couldn't have imagined that we would be able to capture the Martial Emperor and refine him into the ball. That way, we would be able to obtain the catalyst and transform it into a medium-grade world before he did. In that case, everything is ready."

Gu Chensha said, "Next, we need to prepare for a court meeting. We need to put Wu Dangkong, Gu Xuansha, and the others under house arrest. We need to abolish their authority and replace them with people who can control the court."

"That's right. It's time to imprison those two. Their positions as Crown Prince and Regent were bestowed by the Emperor. We can't abolish them, but we can make them into mere figureheads." Zhuge Ya said, "Tell them to stay put. Don't think about anything else. They'll just be puppets."

"Wu Dangkong's Sun and Moon Agency and the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce need to be arrested, abolished, and confiscated. The same goes for Crown Prince Gu Xuansha's Hongyun Games. As for Gu Tanjian, it doesn't matter.

My Imperial Father didn't confer a title on him, and yet he's working with The Great Spirit God to stir up trouble. This time, his National Fate Society needs to be wiped out. "

Gu Chensha didn't want to fight with Wu Dangkong, Gu Tanjian, and Gu Xuansha. Instead, he struck like a bolt of lightning.

He knew that if it wasn't for his ingenious plan, the Tranquil Immortal Department would have been torn apart even if they didn't die. Wu Dang Kong and the others would have immediately come to annihilate the small world that had lost the Sphere of the Common People's Wish. Wu Dangkong definitely wouldn't let anyone from the Calmness Immortal Bureau off.

Gu Chensha saw that Zhuge Ya was in charge of refining the Martial Emperor's Divergent Heart and knew that there wouldn't be any problems. Zhuge Ya's cultivation had reached the 27th Dao Realm Transformation, Seamless Two Worlds. He could use the power of space, so it would be much better for him to manage it.

At that moment, The Fourth and Lou Baiyue had already headed to the capital city outside Savage Pass to gather the officials and governors to discuss the plan to fight against the demon.

In the Imperial Court, since the Emperor wasn't around, there was the Country Supervisor and the Crown Prince. But after all these years, Wu Dangkong and the Crown Prince's reputation had been ruined. All the governors and important officials in the court had joined the Calmness Immortal Bureau, including the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises. Apart from that, some of the officials were also roped in.

And this time, Lou Baiyue directly called for a meeting in the Imperial Court, so she had a good reason to do so. She used the golden token, which was equivalent to the Emperor personally arriving. Even the Crown Prince had to kneel before him.

Many of the officials in the court had joined the Calmness Immortal Bureau because of this token. This was because only Lou Baiyue had this token. Wu Dangkong and the Crown Prince didn't have it.

Yongchō's new capital city, under the constant expansion of the Heavenly Designer Bureau, was becoming more and more majestic. The city walls were made of green jade with a hint of blue, soft and exquisite. There were many battlements on the city walls, and they were covered in talismans. Formations were set up, and they were filled with killing intent. As long as an enemy came, the formation would be activated and they would be reduced to nothing. And high up in the sky was the floating palace.

The palace had many levels, and between the white clouds, it was the true palace in the sky. There were also white jade steps inlaid with gold that snaked up from the ground to the sky palace. It was a miracle in the world.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor had purposely ordered the Heavenly Designer Bureau to build this floating palace.

Originally, he had also ordered the 72 Primordial Mysterious Sects to contribute their sect guarding treasures as materials for the palace to condense. Unfortunately, not a single one of the 72 Mysterious Sects had contributed. This was equivalent to disobeying the order.

Gu Chensha directly flew to the front of the palace hall, and saw that many officials had also arrived at the foot of the palace, and were climbing up the stairs.

Given their status, they didn't have the qualifications to fly directly to the square in front of the palace hall. They had to walk into the capital city and slowly climb up. Gu Chensha's status was extremely high, and he could enter directly.

He strode into the great hall with his head held high, and saw that the high and lofty throne was empty. That was originally the seat of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, but it had been many years since he appeared.