Chapter 504
===========

"It's simple. We'll take the Peerless Tome's main body, but we can give you a quarter of the treasures inside.

Of course, Hunqing Sect, Yuanmeng Sect, and Hegemon Fist Sect have decided to unite and form a new sect. The Peerless Tome will be the foundation of our new sect, and the location will be here, Illusory Chess Islands. " Hunqing Sect's sect master, Wang Qingzhu, spoke up.

When Gu Chensha heard this, he didn't get angry. He just smiled and said, "But this Illusory Chess Islands is an alliance island established by our Celestial Tranquility Department by integrating over 2,000 mystical sects. Could it be that the three sects want to join our alliance?" "We've been discussing this with Brother Suibo.

Wang Qingzhu said, "Brother Suibo's magical power is still shallow, managing this alliance is too strenuous. It's just right for us three sects to work together to manage this alliance, how about it?" "Good, very good." Gu Chensha nodded.

"What do you mean? Do you agree? "

Ba Jufeng's voice boomed like thunder. "Our three sects will lead the immortal dao alliance and work with you. In the future, you'll provide us with Human Dragon Pills, Human Dragon Swords, and Human Dragon Armor, as well as Dragon Nurturing and Dragon Creation Arts. How about it?

"There are more than two thousand sects in the alliance right now, and they pay taxes to us every year. If the three sects join us, it's understandable that you'll be in charge. But how will the taxes be calculated? Will it be able to amplify our Calming Immortal Department? " Gu Chensha asked.

"The alliance is newly formed and needs to grow. We probably won't have to pay taxes." Meng Yinyun smiled.

"Oh, speaking of which, you three don't seem to be here to help, but to cause trouble?" Gu Chensha kept smiling.

"Your Highness, you're going too far."

Wang Qingzhu's expression darkened. "Our three sects rank in the top hundred of the profound immortal dao sects. We're strong enough to lead the masses. Even if you don't want to unify the immortal dao, we'll still do it.

The Devil Calamity is brewing, and the world is about to descend into chaos. Brother Suibo invited us out, so we must show our sincerity and respect the wise.

Otherwise, we won't even bother to help. But now, Your Highness is insulting us with your official tone. Do you really think the imperial court has unified the immortal dao? Do you think we're commoners? " "Well said."

Gu Chensha clapped his hands. "All lands under the heavens belong to the King, and all those who lead the land belong to the King. But as long as the three of you can take one move from me, what's the harm in agreeing to your request?" "Junior, you dare to humiliate us?!"

Ba Jufeng flew into a rage. He was a famous sect leader in the immortal dao, and even among the seventy-two mystical sects, he was respected. This time, he had been invited by Jin Suibo, hoping to reap great benefits, but he hadn't expected Gu Chensha to look down on them.

"I've long heard that the Tranquil Immortal Department's Monarch Chen is incomparably powerful and can challenge those above him. He killed Scarlet Firmament Profound Sect's Xiao Yan and Elder Wang Ji in the Demon Domain at the Nineteen Transformations of the Dao Realm. I would like to exchange a few moves with Prince. How about it? "Wang Qingzhu cupped his hands.

"No need."

Gu Chensha knew that even among the second and third-rate profound sects of the Immortal Dao, there were arrogant and unruly existences. If he didn't reveal his methods, they wouldn't be convinced in the end. As he spoke, he flicked his fingers lightly. A beam of light spread out. Magic power surged, sweeping through the heavens and sealing all things.

"What is this!?"

Wang Qingzhu, one of the three experts, saw Gu Chensha's magic power cover the heavens and earth. It surged towards him, and everything between heaven and earth disappeared. What replaced it was endless magic power that seemed to be as natural as the heavenly dao itself.

Even Wang Qingzhu, who had cultivated the Twenty Six Transformations of the Ten Thousand Techniques Return to One, found it hard to control himself.

Before Gu Chensha had consumed the Hong Meng Holy Pill, if he had been a Natural Born Saint and cultivated the True Dragon Method, he would have been able to escape from Gu Chensha's grasp at the Twenty Six Transformations of the Dao Realm. However, after consuming the Hong Meng Holy Pill, his magic power and mind power had skyrocketed, and he could now multitask. Even if Fa Wuxian had cultivated the Ten Thousand Techniques Return to One, he wouldn't be able to escape.

Moreover, the quality of Wang Qingzhu's magic power was that of the Vajra Method, which was a far cry from the True Dragon Method.

"This is simply a miracle!"

There were many sect leaders behind Jin Suibo. Some of them had cultivated magic power, some were at the Golden Elixir Realm, some were at the Sixteen Transformations of Reincarnation, and some were at the Seventeen Transformations of Splitting Soul. For example, Luo Xiu, the sect leader of the Three Extremes Sect, was one of them.

However, Luo Xiu had followed Jin Suibo obediently and received the nourishment of the Dragon Qi. He had broken through to the Genius Realm, and now he had also cultivated the Golden Elixir of the Great Path. His lifespan had been extended. With such great benefits, he was now dead set on working for Jin Suibo and was at Jin Suibo's beck and call.

His original lifespan was only about three hundred years, and he was about to die of old age. Now that he had broken through, he had a lifespan of a thousand years, which meant that he could live for another six hundred years. This was a great hope. He was paying attention to the battle between Gu Chensha and the three experts.

Among the second and third-rate sects of the Immortal Dao, the Chaos Azure Sect, the Yuanmeng Sect, and the Hegemon Fist Sect were definitely among the top sects. This was because all of their sect masters were talented and bold, and they had rich resources. A small sect like the Triple Extreme Sect could not hope to match up to them.

Jin Suibo could not have recruited sects of this level. After all, his strength was only at the Twenty-Three Transformations.

However, he had used the Peerless Heavenly Book as bait to lure the three sects to come and get a share of the loot.

Originally, Luo Xiu thought that the battle between Gu Chensha and Wang Qingzhu would be a fierce one.

However, he never expected that with a snap of Gu Chensha's fingers, the three experts could not resist at all. They were sucked into the torrent of magic power and gradually shrunk into three spheres that fell into Gu Chensha's palm. This was what all the cultivators of the Immortal Path saw.

Hun Qing Sect's Wang Qingzhu, Yuanmeng Sect's Meng Yinyun, and Hegemon Fist Sect's Ba Jufeng were wrapped in magic power by Gu Chensha. They turned into spheres and were sealed within.

All the cultivators could see that the three of them were unable to do anything to the small sphere even after using all their attacks.

"This, this cultivation … Is he a god?" "How is that possible?

With his Dao Realm 22 Transformations cultivation, he was actually able to play with the three sect leaders in the palm of his hand? " Gu Chensha had really played with the three of them in the palm of his hand. He didn't use the power of the Common People's Wish sphere but his own magic power.

The power of the Life's Wish sphere was a vast and mighty power of the world, but in his palm, it was purely a combination of magic power, and did not contain any power of the world.

"Mixed Green God Thunder Star!"

Just at this moment, Wang Qingzhu, who was wrapped in magic power, exploded with his strongest power. As he roared, his entire body suddenly turned into a talisman. This talisman was filled with runes and it gave off an ancient and desolate aura.

"The realm of 10,000 Techniques Return to One. The Ancient Green Emperor's Talisman Transformation Dao. However, it isn't pure."

Gu Chensha opened his palm, and there were three spinning spheres on it. The three sect leaders of the Celestial Sect of Wonders struggled and changed within them. They struck out with all kinds of killing techniques in an attempt to break the spheres and escape.

However, Gu Chensha did not care. Instead, he called many cultivators from the Celestial Sect over to observe. He even introduced, "Everyone, since you have joined my Celestial Tranquility Department's Immortal Dao Alliance and paid taxes for me, yet you are not as arrogant as these three people. I will give you a small punishment. You can observe their various ultimate arts and learn their essence."

Everyone looked at Gu Chensha's palm. The three of them used their ultimate techniques, dharma treasures, and all sorts of powers, but to no avail. Wang Qingzhu activated the Chaos Azure Divine Thunder and turned himself into a Azure Thearch Thunder Talisman, communicating with the supreme azure lightning in the unseen world.

However, when these divine thunders exploded in the sphere of magic power, they were all absorbed and became a part of the sphere.

Gu Chensha allowed the cultivators to watch as Jin Suibo spoke up. "Ladies and gentlemen," he said, "I'm sure you can tell that His Highness is using his own power. He isn't using any magical treasures, nor is he using the world power of the Celestial Serenity Department."

"His Highness's might is incredible. No wonder the Celestial Talisman Emperor could shake the three realms. Like father, like son."

A middle-aged sect leader who cultivated to the 20 transformations, Convergence and Dispersion Impermanence, praised and flattered.

This was the sect leader of the Ancient Spear Sect. Among the second and third-rate sects, this sect had its own unique mystic arts and could stand firm. There were tens of thousands of disciples in the sect and they occupied a mountain with good Feng Shui in the Eastern Barren.

"His Highness, these three are my friends after all. It's enough to punish them slightly. Let them know the power of our Celestial Dao Palace and they will definitely join our alliance." At this time, Jin Suibo came out to plead for mercy.

The three Sect Leaders, who were wrapped up in the sphere, could hear everything clearly. They could see that they were being wrapped up in Gu Chensha's magic power and played around with in the palm of his hand. They were so angry that they wanted to vomit blood, but there was nothing they could do.

Even if they used all their methods, they couldn't break through the sphere. More importantly, they already knew that Gu Chensha didn't use any treasures.