Chapter 938
===========

The Emperor Of Heaven led his people away from the greyspace of the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds. This sacrificial ceremony represented a temporary victory for the imperial court.

Furthermore, the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds had expanded once again, absorbing many of the remaining continents of the Heaven Realm. They were at least five times larger than before. The number of people who could live in them had also increased, relieving a lot of pressure.

At least eighty to ninety percent of the people were now in complete awe of the imperial court. Many of the lies that had been spread among the common people had been discredited. Many of the experts had seen that the Emperor Of Heaven was unable to do anything to Gu Chensha, and they knew that the imperial court had completely changed the future.

"Chen Sha, we're halfway to success in this sacrificial ceremony. We've made the Celestial Thearch reveal his traces."

Lou Baiyue still had a knot in her heart. She didn't know who in the imperial court was the true Emperor Of Heaven. From the looks of it, everyone was a suspect. Although the Emperor Of Heaven had left, the words he had left behind were like a thorn in everyone's heart. "Our top priority right now is to solve the problem of cultivation for all living beings."

Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra focused on the cultivation of all living beings. It didn't need to absorb any external spiritual energy or energy. As long as one developed their own hearts, they could grow stronger and stronger, and finally comprehend the Dao of Immortality.

But only a few of the higher-ups of the Celestial Calmness Department had completely comprehended this during the sacrificial ceremony. Everyone else still had to rely on energy to cultivate. Without energy, their cultivation would hit a bottleneck, and they would constantly regress. Every action of a cultivator consumed their own magic power. In the past, after their magic power was consumed, they could absorb spiritual energy, immortal energy, or even primal chaos energy to replenish it. But now, that was impossible. Even a Celestial couldn't replenish their magic power once it was consumed, because there was no more primal chaos.

More importantly, it was extremely difficult to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra to the point where it didn't need any external materials to survive and cultivate.

Even if it was an invincible Sky Cultivation Realm cultivator, it was basically impossible for them to comprehend this point. The chance of success was next to nothing. This caused the Dragonless Cultivation Technique to be unable to be completely popularized.

If the people of the world could not cultivate, then no matter how powerful the imperial court was, it would lose its ability to attract people, which would make those people submit to the Emperor Of Heaven. Gu Chensha could see this very clearly.

"I already know who the Celestial Emperor is," the Celestial Emperor said.

Gu Chensha said, "Let's not talk about this for now, because at the most critical moment, I will use the Emperor Of Heaven to do many things.

The most important thing now is to solve the problem of cultivation for the people of the world. Through this sacrificial ceremony, I have already deduced that the Dragonless Heart Sutra has advanced one step further. I don't need any external energy, and I don't need other people's sacrificial ceremonies either. However, there are many people who are unable to do this, and it is difficult to popularize it. I have to refine it a step further, and this requires further comprehension. However, during this period of time, I can use the entire divine continent and the four wildernesses to form a world. Let's call it the Everlasting World. I will use my supreme divine ability to evolve spiritual energy, immortal energy, and primal chaos energy within the Everlasting World.

While the people of the world cultivate, they will also worship the Everlasting World. This will create a virtuous cycle. "

"I feel that we should not evolve spiritual energy, immortal energy, and primal chaos energy anymore.

Instead, we should directly evolve another kind of energy, and call it the Everlasting Energy. "At this time, Gu Huasha suggested.

"Not bad, this matter can be done."

Gu Chensha nodded his head. "Right now, as the mother of the world, I am an eternal existence, immortal and undying. It is very normal for me to emit the Everlasting Energy and nourish the people of the world. The Everlasting World is forming, and our battle with the Emperor Of Heaven has just begun. "

Even as he spoke, a river of text appeared above Gu Chensha's head. It once again entered the greyspace of the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds, causing the greyspace to expand. Inside the greyspace, beams of light could be seen, which transformed into an invisible vital energy that spread out into the depths of space, nourishing every inch of it. When people breathed in and out, they could absorb something that was even more profound than spiritual energy, immortal energy, and primal chaos energy. That was the Everlasting Energy. Everlasting represented eternity, and transcendence.

After absorbing the Everlasting Energy, that person's cultivation base would rise. However, that person would have to offer sacrifices to the Everlasting World's greyspace. That was the karmic virtue. From now on, the Everlasting World would take shape, and would become a stable, structured world.

"Everlasting World. Condense. Expand. Reign supreme."

Gu Chensha sent out these four words. Instantly, in the boundless, chaotic flows of space-time, a world that was even more dazzling than the Heavenly Realms was born. This was the Everlasting World. Rumble!

The moment Everlasting World was born, the entire broken Heavenly Realm suddenly exploded. Countless fragments of the continent scattered in all directions. Finally, they were all absorbed by an invisible vortex of the Heavenly Way. In that vortex, a huge world seemed to be gradually born.

That enormous world was extremely mysterious. It was as if the mortal world had been born. It was a boundless world of mortals, and it was filled with the taste of bitterness.

"The mortal world has taken shape. This is the foundation of the Heavenly Court led by Emperor Heaven Emperor.

The mortal world is much larger than the previous Endless World, which is the Heavenly Realms. Because the mortal world has fused with the fragments of the Heavenly Realms and the ancient primal chaos, the current mortal world can be considered truly endless. "

When Gu Chensha's Everlasting World took shape, he saw that in the depths of the space-time turbulence, the enormous mortal world was taking shape. Then, in the nodes of the mortal world, the Immortal World, the Devil World, the Divine World, and the Underworld formed.

Originally, in the future, a complete system would be based on the mortal world. The Heavenly Court would be high above, overseeing the mortal world. The Immortal World, the Devil World, the Divine World, and the Demon World would be the four ascending channels of the mortal world. The Underworld would be the place of reincarnation.

Now that the Heavenly Court had been taken away by Gu Chensha, it became the foundation of the Everlasting World. And the Demon Ape God of Chaos had taken the Demon World and the Primordial Sky Pillar to Gu Chensha. In this way, the Heavenly Court system had lost the Demon World. Although the Emperor Heaven told Gu Chensha that he could rebuild the Heavenly Court, to accomplish such a huge thing, even with the power of the Emperor Heaven, it was definitely not something that could be done in a day.

However, as long as the mortal world took shape, with the help of the huge power of worship in the mortal world, it would not be a difficult thing to rebuild the Heavenly Court.

Gu Chensha found one thing, that is, the current Emperor Heaven was much stronger than the future Emperor Heaven.

"Hmm? Another world was born? "

Gu Chensha suddenly found that in the depths of a space-time turbulence, a world of light was born. This light was direct, and there was the faint aura of Long Xiangtian, Liu Chansha, and the others.

In other words, Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha had also built a world, in an attempt to gather all living beings and win the future.

Originally, the future belonged to the Heavenly Court and the Emperor Heaven, but now the Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha were at a disadvantage in the battle. The direction of the future was confusing, and no one knew who it belonged to.

Long Xiangtian was still dreaming of being the main character, he wanted to rise in the end, destroy the Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha, unify the future, control fate, and finally become the only one.

Moreover, he also knew that in the future, there would be all kinds of experts, people not inferior to Gu Chensha and the Emperor Heaven, or even people surpassing them, because the battle between Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao was completely out of control.

"Long Xiangtian also wants to build a world, this kid is really obsessed. I think the Emperor Heaven will deal with him soon, after all, the two of them absorbed the sun and moon of the Heavenly Realm, which will be the sun and moon of the mortal world in the future. After the Emperor Heaven captures them and refines them, the mortal world will become even more powerful."

Gu Chensha looked at the endless changes in space-time, especially the expansion of the mortal world, and couldn't help but sigh. Lou Baiyue also followed Gu Chensha's gaze and looked at the mortal world.

As the mortal world continued to expand, the boundless primordial chaos evolved into space, land, and after the land was born, many humans, demons, animals, and plants were born, forming the foundation of the mortal world.

Many living beings in the Heavenly Realm were also taken into the mortal world, causing the mortal world to immediately expand, becoming the first great world.

"The mortal world is boundlessly mysterious, that Zhang Ziran's fate is also extremely huge."

Wen Hong said, "This person presides over the mortal world, he will definitely be able to provide a huge amount of sacrificial power to the Heavenly Court's Emperor Heaven, our struggle in the future will be extremely long." "That's for sure."

Gu Chensha said, "I think there will be many experts from our Eternal World who will directly go to the Human World. However, we won't stop this kind of thing. Moreover, we can even quietly sneak into the Human World and spread our Dragonless Heart Sutra so that the Human World will eventually become part of our Eternal World. As long as everyone approves of the Dragonless Heart Sutra and our ideals, we will basically succeed." Bang! Just as Gu Chensha's voice fell, in the depths of the unseen world, a huge power exploded.

Amidst the explosion, a huge ball of light fell into the depths of the human world like a comet and immediately disappeared. Even Gu Chensha couldn't clearly see how this comet-like huge ball of light disappeared.

"What is that?" Wen Hong, Lou Baiyue, and the others said in surprise.

"This light is a huge mutated source formed from the entanglement of the Emperor and the Heavenly Dao."

Gu Chensha said, "This source is huge, almost equivalent to more than a hundred Long Xiang Tian, it must have been affected by the aura of the mortal world. I don't know which person in the mortal world will obtain this mutated source, if they do, I'm afraid they will be extremely difficult to deal with, even I and the Emperor Heaven won't be able to suppress them." "Something like this actually happened?" Lou Baiyue said, "Then we must secretly enter the mortal world and find this mutated source."