Chapter 984
===========

"I can feel it too."

Wu Dangkong's eyes were filled with astonishment. "Could it be the Emperor Of Heaven's doing? No, the Emperor Of Heaven wouldn't do something like this. He's just sacrificing his own vitality and cultivation to create so many fortuitous encounters.

The situation in the human world has become chaotic. I can feel millions of huge magical treasures falling into the hands of some people.

Many of them are even stronger than the Dragon Sect, the Primordial Tree, and the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. "

"That's right. My feeling towards the human world is that there are many Children of Destiny rising up from the ground. Some of them are even stronger than the Children of Destiny appointed by the Emperor Of Heaven. Who are these people? Just how powerful was the person who created these people? At least, they look much stronger than the Emperor Of Heaven. "Human Ancestor Zhang Ziran said.

"Look."

Hong Ling Sha pointed at the ancestral monuments erected in the center of the imperial city. Among them, there were five monuments of the Nihility Ancestor, Human Ancestor, Eternal Ancestor, Taoist Ancestor, and Ancestor of Heaven. The Eternal Ancestor monument seemed to be corroded by a great power and gradually disappeared. The worship of the Eternal Ancestor also disappeared.

"The Eternal Ancestor Monument disappeared."

Zhang Ziran was shocked, "It seems like the great changes in the human world and the countless fortuitous encounters were all caused by Gu Chensha. But why did he expand the human world, create countless fortuitous encounters, and let countless tyrannical figures and Children of Destiny stand out? Is he using his own power to nurture the world? Is his power really that strong? Or is there an uncountable amount of it? Can he just waste it like this? "

"It seems like Gu Chensha's cultivation is far beyond our imagination. In front of him, all our schemes are useless." At this time, Wu Dangkong's heart was filled with despair. "What should we do next?

With the birth of countless experts, I'm afraid it will be even more difficult for us to completely unify the entire Human Realm, right? "

"There's no need to rush. Even if those who obtained fortuitous encounters appear out of nowhere, their strength might not surpass ours."

Zhang Ziran was rather calm, "Gu Chensha is actually making trouble for the Heavenly Court by doing this. He doesn't even need to do anything himself. He can completely disintegrate the Heavenly Court by relying on the many experts he created. In a word, it's impossible for the Heavenly Court to sweep the Mortal World and the Three Corpse God into the human world like last time. The Heavenly Court can't control the current human world at all. But I think there's a deeper meaning behind Gu Chensha's creation of this situation. " "Where is the Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha?"

Wu Dangkong said, "His strength is far above us. Why haven't I seen him before? It seems like he's not on the same side as Gu Chensha."

"Ever since the Nihility Ancestor Stele was erected, Gu Huasha has disappeared. But I can feel that his power is constantly seeping into some kind of nothingness. He's carrying out an extremely terrifying plan. Sometimes, I can communicate with his will when I offer sacrifices to the Nihility Ancestor Stele. "

Zhang Ziran said. Now, his cultivation was advancing extremely fast. He had already reached the Heaven Realm and opened up a complete Heaven Realm in his body. But he increasingly felt that the gap between him and the Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha was getting bigger and bigger.

Although he was unwilling, there was nothing he could do. He could only wait for an opportunity. Fortunately, Gu Huasha didn't come out at all. He didn't cause any trouble to him.

"The situation is getting chaotic. We need to properly carry out the plan."

The Taoist Ancestor Hongling Sha said, "I think we can even contact those people from the other world and set up an ancestor." "This plan is feasible." Zhang Ziran nodded. At this moment, in the Heavenly Court. The Dharma Saint was still sitting next to the Emperor Of Heaven and reporting some matters.

"Your Majesty, the situation is getting more and more out of control. I've been observing the Human Realm recently. The Origin has expanded dozens of times and it's still expanding. Many people with great fate energy have been born. Countless treasures and even some systems have fallen into the hands of ambitious people. They are not controlled by the Heavenly Court at all. Who is the one who did this?

Or maybe the world has changed again. The Heavenly Dao and that Gu Taxian collapsed at the same time, causing a huge change in the Human Realm? "The Dharma Saint couldn't see the situation clearly with his current cultivation.

"The collapse of the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian is still some time away. It won't happen so quickly. The current situation in the Human Realm is caused by Gu Chensha."

The Emperor Of Heaven sat on his throne and looked at the changes in the Human Realm. He didn't care at all. "That Gu Chensha injected his soul power into the Human Realm. Naturally, he could create many tyrannical existences. This isn't strange." "Your Majesty, is that Gu Chensha really that strong?" The Dharma Saint didn't believe it.

"If I'm not wrong, Gu Chensha's current strength is already on par with the Heavenly Dao. Moreover, his understanding of the essence is even deeper than the Heavenly Dao. Therefore, the power that created the Human Realm is similar to the power of the Heavenly Dao. "

The Emperor Of Heaven sighed. "He used this method to show his strength. I am indeed far inferior to him. I didn't expect him to have actually reached this realm. However, he is afraid of something. That is the terrifying thing that was born when the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian fell at the same time. Once this thing is born, it has the possibility of destroying him." "What? Even Your Majesty is not a match for that Gu Chensha. "The Dharma Saint was a little flustered.

"Dharma Saint, you don't need to panic. It's hard to say what will happen in the future. The changes in the Human Realm and the birth of many people with fortuitous encounters are actually just a small matter."

The Emperor Of Heaven said. "In the future, when the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian collapse at the same time, the structure of many worlds will undergo a huge change. At that time, many people in the Heaven Realm will be born. You have been loyal to me and didn't betray me. Since that's the case, I'll help you once and let you ascend to the Heaven Realm."

As he spoke, the Emperor Of Heaven pointed. Instantly, a river of talismans flowed into the Dharma Saint's body.

Immediately, the Immortal Power within the Dharma Saint's body boiled. It reached the seventh level, True Immortal. Then, this True Immortal brewed. Gradually, with a huge explosion, the embryonic form of the Heaven Realm was born. The Dharma Saint's aura rose steadily. Bang! In the end, a small Heaven Realm was opened up in his body. The Dharma Saint hurriedly knelt down. "Your Majesty's grace, I will never be able to repay it."

He was ecstatic. This was the Heaven Realm. A few decades ago, this realm was unimaginable. When he lived in the Heaven Realm, he felt that the entire Heaven Realm was vast and boundless. In front of it, he was just a drop in the ocean, a speck of dust under the starry sky. But now, his body could give birth to the exact same Heaven Realm. How many times had this realm increased? The Dharma Saint had a feeling that he could die in the evening.

Slowly, the Dharma Saint calmed down. He felt the mysteries of the Heaven Realm in his body. He knew that the times had changed. The Heaven Realm wasn't the peak. Above the Heaven Realm, one could even reach the Heavenly Dao Realm. Above the Heavenly Dao, there were other realms. The Undecaying Realm. He didn't know who could reach such a realm.

"Dharma Saint, I now order you to descend to the lower realm and rely on that Zhang Ziran. Of course, now you have the qualifications to stand shoulder to shoulder with him and obtain the identity of Spell Ancestor." Emperor Of Heaven said.

"Your Majesty, I will not leave the Heavenly Court even if I die." The Dharma Saint was shocked. He hurriedly expressed his loyalty.

"This is my plan." Emperor Of Heaven waved his hand. "With the changes in the human realm, the original plan won't work.

That Zhang Ziran has already become destiny. The Child of Destiny that I appointed might not be able to defeat this person and destroy his dynasty. After you become the Spell Ancestor. After you become the Spell Ancestor, you will collapse this dynasty. " "So that's how it is."

The Dharma Saint knew the Emperor Of Heaven's plan. "However, if this subject pretends to betray the Heavenly Court and spreads out, I'm afraid that it will cause a huge blow to the Heavenly Court. Those demons, gods, immortals, demons, and even underworld will become restless." "It's fine."

The Celestial Thearch said, "I have my own arrangements. Go, bring everyone from the reform department with you, got it?" "Yes!" The Dharma Saint kowtowed and left. Once the Dharma Saint left, there was no one else in the hall. Only the Emperor Of Heaven was left. However, at this time, another person appeared in front of the Emperor Of Heaven. It was the Fourth Gu Huasha, the current Nihility Ancestor.

"How have you been?"

The Emperor Of Heaven was not surprised to see the Fourth Gu Huasha. The two seemed to be acquaintances. "Your path of Nihility Ancestor has finally been cultivated?" "Of course I have."

Gu Huasha looked at the Emperor Of Heaven as if he was looking at a clone of himself. "You seem to have improved quite a bit."

"We still need to complete the last step. Then, we can do something that no one has been able to do since ancient times, not even that Gu Taxian," the Emperor Of Heaven said. "Can your current path of Nihility Ancestor contend against Gu Chensha?" "Not yet. Gu Chensha's strength is above mine. I haven't reached his level yet. "

The Fourth Gu Huasha said. "Moreover, he clearly knows what kind of existences I and the Emperor Of Heaven are. However, he hasn't made a move yet. We all know that he wants to use us to deal with the moment that terrible existence is born."

"It's still unknown who will win. Whoever can refine that terrible thing will be able to control the situation. This is also our only chance to defeat Gu Chensha. Who can truly reach the realm above the Immortal Realm depends on the means. We have no secrets in front of Gu Chensha, and Gu Chensha has no secrets in front of us."

The Emperor Of Heaven said. "Next, let's carry out the plan. The human world has been transformed by Gu Chensha. It's actually more suitable for our plan."

"The Heavenly Court seems to be weakened under your plan. But in fact, your control over the human world has increased. You have a great control over the fate energy of the human world."

The Fourth Gu Huasha said. "However, the two of us have the same origin. In the future, we will definitely fuse together to reach the highest realm. At that time, will you give up on yourself? "