Chapter 18
==========

"Gu Chensha, are you interested in fighting for the throne?" After confirming Gu Chensha's identity, Long Yuyun had an idea.

"Not interested, but I want to take back something that belongs to me."

Gu Chensha asked, "But you want me to influence the situation in the imperial court and save your Dragon Sword Island? That's just wishful thinking. Not to mention the fact that I'm weak right now, even if I had a high position and authority, I wouldn't be able to influence the national policy.

Back then, our dynasty destroyed hundreds of countries and thousands of sects. Those sects all fled overseas, accumulating their strength and waiting for an opportunity to retaliate. Thus, one of the three national policies that His Majesty set down was to pacify the overseas territories. Right now, our dynasty is desperately building ships and developing armored ships, all so that the overseas territories will belong to our dynasty. "

"I know this better than you." Long Yuyun smiled bitterly. "I also have a secret business in the capital, so I know the current situation.

My Dragon Sword Island can't be saved. Even the clansmen of my Dragon Clan will be captured and their bloodlines will be extracted. I only hope to save my clansmen from the hands of the eldest prince, Gu Hengsha. "

"Extracting bloodlines is the work of the evil path. Is the eldest prince crazy?" Gu Chensha was shocked.

"He wants to obtain the bloodline of the Dragon God. He doesn't mind doing such cruel things and refining living people.

Among his subordinates are the experts of the Bloodthirsty Cult that were eliminated back then. "Long Yuyun's brows were already filled with intense hatred.

"The princes of the imperial court are fighting each other. The eldest prince actually recruited the inhumane experts of the Bloodthirsty Cult. Isn't he afraid that the other princes will expose him?"

Gu Chensha knew that the Bloodthirsty Cult had a secret technique that could extract vitality potions and pills from the blood of living beings. Who knew how many lives they had taken. No matter which dynasty or generation it was, they had to be eliminated.

Whether it was in the pugilistic world or among the common people, both the righteous and the righteous, the members of the Bloodthirsty Cult had a name: Bloodsucking Demons.

These were all things that the imperial family had to learn. It was to let the princes know about the pugilistic world, the methods of the evil sects, and the dangers of the world. Many princes would even be sent out to eliminate the remnants of the evil sects to gain experience.

As a result, every prince in the imperial court was scheming, resourceful, and bold. They were definitely not good-for-nothings.

It was true that Gu Chensha pretended to be a fool, but he was also diligent in his studies, even more so than many princes. However, due to the lack of resources, he was unable to improve his martial arts.

"Right now, which prince in the imperial court doesn't recruit people from the righteous and evil paths as his subordinates and disciples?

Everyone has a stain on their reputation, so who would dare to accuse them? Moreover, the First Prince has been guarding the customs for many years. He has great power and influence, so no one dares to act against him. If they fail to deal with him, he will turn on them. Even the Seventh Prince, the Empress' biological son, Gufasa, will not be able to withstand it. "

Long Yuyun knew the various princes like the back of her hand, which showed how great the forces of Dragon Sword Island were and how abundant their resources were.

Gu Chensha fell silent as he listened. Many princes had powerful forces, and it was impossible for him to catch up to them.

However, a man may not harm a tiger, but a tiger may hurt a man. For example, right now, the Tenth Prince was going to harm him. If he did not have a reliable helper, it would be impossible to guard against him.

"I see that you are in a difficult situation. Why don't we work together?"

Long Yuyun saw that the time was right. "I will help you gain a foothold in the imperial court, and you will help me overthrow the First Prince and rescue my clansmen. What do you think?"

"The First Prince is actually colluding with the Bloodthirsty Cult. He is so cruel, and he is not an ordinary person. I should help you on the righteous path. Moreover, this person took away my mother's belongings and made them his. I should deal with him personally. Since that is the case, I will work with you.

However, I am in a difficult situation right now, and you have to help me with many things … "Gu Chensha explained his situation in detail.

"You are really alone. You only have a little eunuch by your side."

After listening to Gu Chensha's explanation, Long Yuyun also frowned, "You have to first establish your own residence outside, as well as nurture loyal servants and experts. I can help you with all these, I have some wealth in my hands as well. However, the most important thing right now is to gain the favor of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Once I give you this task, you can openly expand your strength."

"We will talk about this after I step into the Dao Realm. I am not strong enough to deal with all sorts of dangers." Gu Chensha had calculated this long ago.

"Stepping into the Dao Realm is not something that can be achieved by hard work."

Long Yuyun waved her hand. "I was lucky. When I was picking pearls at the bottom of the sea, I fell into the Ancient Dragon Nest and obtained a fragment of consciousness. From there, I activated the Dragon God Bloodline in my body, and only then did I reach the first transformation of the Dao Realm. Otherwise, even if I cultivated for 60 years, it would be a dream. " "It is so difficult …" Gu Chensha muttered.

"Otherwise, why would it be called the Dao Realm? Using one's own mind to steal spiritual energy from heaven and earth. You won't be a human anymore, and you will be jealous of the creator. Your cultivation is decent, but your battle experience is too weak. Your will isn't strong and you don't have that sharpness. To comprehend the Dao Realm is to fight with heaven and earth. To fight with heaven and earth, you have to fight with people. If you can't even beat people, then how can you fight with heaven and earth?" Long Yuyun had a majestic aura.

"Okay, I have nothing to do these few days, so I entered the mountain to cultivate. Coincidentally, I met an expert like you, so why don't you give me some pointers?" Gu Chensha was filled with fighting spirit. To be able to have a Dao Realm expert to feed him was something he wanted. Hong!

The two of them split apart and energy waves spread all about, causing the snow to fly into the sky once more. Gu Chensha panted while Long Yuyun stood there calmly.

The two of them had already stayed in the mountains for three days. Gu Chensha took advantage of this opportunity to spar with Long Yuyun almost every day. Under her guidance, his martial arts cultivation could be said to have advanced by leaps and bounds. In the past, he had been working behind closed doors and lacked communication with others. No matter how hard he thought, it was inevitable that there would be flaws. But now, he was fixing those flaws one by one.

Especially since Long Yuyun was the Dragon Sword Island Head, she was actually the King. She led the army to fight with the Great Yongchō and also fought with pirates and bandits. She was really knowledgeable and had accumulated a lot of martial arts experience. Her pointers helped Gu Chensha avoid many mistakes.

Gu Chensha was intelligent to begin with, and he had read all the classics and histories. With his comprehension of martial arts, he progressed at a tremendous pace, and even Long Yuyun was surprised by the speed of his improvement.

"Your strength is so great that you can almost catch up to me. I really don't know what you've taken, or if your body has been remolded by some kind of powerful force that is close to the Dao. Could it be that your Titan Bloodline has been stimulated, and you've been transformed by the Titan Divine Force?"

Long Yuyun and Gu Chensha clashed and each palm felt like his strength was filled with an unstoppable aura. Her meridians felt numb.

One had to know that she was a Dao Realm expert and even if she was at the first transformation, she was reborn. She wasn't someone a normal Martial Path Grandmaster could deal with. A casual punch from her could kill a Grandmaster, but Gu Chensha was actually able to block three to four of her palm attacks and not be at a disadvantage. He could even counterattack at any moment and his speed was like that of a ghost. The only thing he lacked was the sharpness that was cultivated from thousands of battles.

"I feel like something is missing and I can't break through that final blurry thing. The world in front of me is really blurry and I can't see it clearly." Gu Chensha stood in the snow and thought about it.

"You have come into contact with the Martial Learning Barrier. This is the key to breaking through to Dao Realm and you have to rely on comprehension."

Long Yuyun took in a deep breath and her injuries were much better, "Out of 1,000 Martial Path Grandmasters, at most one can touch the Martial Learning Barrier. You really are a genius and I can't teach you much now. You have to comprehend it step by step through life and death battles. When one is at the border of life and death, one's spiritual potential will be stimulated. Once you comprehend terror and joy, you will have a chance to touch that Dao." "Understood, thank you for your teachings." Gu Chensha bowed.

"Since we've come to an agreement, there's no time to lose. You've learned most of what you've learned over the past few days, so you'll have to rely on yourself for the rest. I'll secretly set up a residence around the capital city for you to establish your foundation," Long Yuyun said. "If you need manpower, I have some." "Thank you for the trouble."

Gu Chensha nodded and suddenly thought of something, "I read the recent court records. In the first year of the Heavenly Talisman Era, His Majesty had once decreed that the Dragon Sword Island's Long Family would be crowned as King, attempting to get you to join the Great Yongchō court. However, after you received the decree, you delayed and refused to come to the capital. Hence, the Emperor was furious." "There is such a thing."

Long Yuyun laughed coldly, "With just a decree, he wants the millions of soldiers and civilians of the Dragon Sword Island to become his subjects. How can it be so simple? What's the point of asking this? " "I want to ask, is the decree still around?" This was what Gu Chensha wanted.

The decree that the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had conferred the Dragon Sword Island's Long Family as King was no small matter. It was equivalent to a letter between countries. The seal used would definitely be very thick, and the Emperor's Qi on it would be abnormally thick. If he could obtain it and offer it to the heavens, he would definitely be able to learn the next move of the Sun and Moon Shine Together. That was the most important thing.

"What do you want this decree for? It's just a useless piece of paper. "Long Yuyun was puzzled.

"Of course it's useful. This is material evidence. In the future, it might be useful to topple the First Prince. When my words have some weight, I'll report to the higher-ups that it's not that the Dragon Sword Island doesn't want to surrender, but that the First Prince is making things difficult for us." Gu Chensha lied a little.

"Since you have a use for it, I'll give it to you. However, I don't have it with me. I'll contact you after some time."

Long Yuyun said, "I'll place the remaining assets of the Dragon Sword Island in the capital. When you contact me, you have to be careful. The princes in the capital are not easy to deal with." "You don't have to worry about this. After so many years, I've more or less gained some experience."

Gu Chensha gave it some thought, "Oh, right. I'll send my personal eunuch's foster son to contact you. This person is my trusted aide. You can at least give him some pointers in martial arts." "What subordinates do you have? Let me train them all."

Long Yuyun smiled. Her body moved even though there was no wind. She leaped onto the treetop and leaped away like a bird. Her speed was twice as fast as Gu Chensha's.

"Although this Qinggong is very fast, it still hasn't reached the stage where I can walk in the air." Gu Chensha recalled the transformations of the Dao Realm. Only by cultivating to the seventh transformation would one be able to leave the ground and soar into the air.

At that time, one would be able to treat the sky as the ground and run. Only then would one be considered an 'immortal'.

Without reaching the seventh transformation, no matter how high one jumped, one would still have to land on the ground.

Seeing Long Yuyun leave, Gu Chensha nodded to himself. To think that he would receive such a strong aid during his training in the mountains. His martial arts had also benefited greatly. Most importantly, he would be able to obtain the imperial decree. If he could learn the second form of 'Sun and Moon Shine Together', then he would have the foundation to settle down.