Chapter 997
===========

In the River of Destiny, a terrifying fate had appeared. This had caused the entire Human World to undergo a new transformation. Many experts were in danger. Not only were they worried about the fate, but they were also worried that Gu Chensha would be able to control them at any time. In the eyes of the experts.

That terrifying fate was indeed terrifying, but Gu Chensha, who had been bound by it in the River of Destiny, was even more terrifying.

"Fortunately, that thing hasn't been completely born yet. That's why Gu Chensha has a chance.

When that thing is completely born, Gu Chensha won't be able to restrain it. The fate will disappear and break the River of Destiny. What I want most now is for that thing and Gu Chensha to both be injured. That way, I'll have a chance. "At this time, the Fourth Gu Huasha was also calculating in his heart. He had wanted to devour the Emperor Of Heaven at the last moment.

But the Emperor Of Heaven's cultivation had advanced, and he had comprehended an extremely profound realm. This made it much more difficult for him to devour. Of course, the Emperor Of Heaven's progress also made the value of his devouring even greater.

"Hm?

Fa Wuxian's fate is so great. He's so ambitious, and he doesn't seem to be condensing a Heaven Realm in his body. He doesn't seem to be developing the Heaven Realm in his body. He's just devouring. He's walking on some kind of extreme path. "

The Fourth Gu Huasha also looked at the River of Destiny. He found that Fa Wuxian's fate had expanded, and had already turned into a Devouring Dragon.

The Devouring Dragon seemed to have endless black holes around it, devouring all fate. Many of the growing fates, such as pythons, snakes, and snakes, were all devoured.

The Devouring Dragon grew bigger and bigger. Although it couldn't compare to the two-headed dragon formed by the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha, if it continued to devour like this, it would soon become a giant existence. This thing was too dangerous.

'I have to suppress his Devour ability. However, I can't do it myself. Let the Taoist Ancestor, the Spell Ancestor, the Ancestor of Heaven, the Change Ancestor, the Human Ancestor, and the Outsider Ancestor fight him to the death. That way, I, the Nihility Ancestor, will be able to establish the dignity of the Nihility Ancestor.'

Gu Huasha thought for a moment. "In order to be on equal footing with me, these ancestors have banded together in an attempt to weaken me. I can use this to weaken them. Gather destiny and break through the seal of the River of Fate in one go. "

Originally, the Fourth Gu Huasha and Gu Chensha were a pair of brothers who had fought side by side for many years. However, after the Heaven Realm collapsed and condensed into the larger Human Realm, they began to go their separate ways. The two of them had different ideologies, which caused a gap between them. This was an irreconcilable contradiction.

After pondering for a moment, the Fourth Gu Huasha's body moved and disappeared. He had started his own plan. In the Human Realm, on another continent.

"I am the Lord of Seven Stars. Later, I gained enlightenment of the Dragonless Heart Incantation and achieved Great Freedom. Now that I'm in the Heaven Realm, I can call myself the Patriarch of Stratagems."

At this point, Zhuge Ya's eyes snapped open. After entering the Human Realm, he had sought enlightenment of his cultivation base, and had been searching for a way to transform it. As of this moment, he had given himself the position of the Lord of Seven Stars, who assisted the Son of Heaven in devising stratagems and evaluating the world. It was appropriate for him to call himself the Patriarch of Stratagems.

"I, Lou Baiyue, have gained enlightenment of a supreme dao. I can be called the Patriarch of Stratagems."

Lou Baiyue had given herself a new position. From now on, her own name would be meaningless. The only thing that mattered was the title of Patriarch.

When it reached the hearts of countless living beings, they would only remember that you were called Ancestor. The title of Ancestor was your Dao, your destiny.

For example, Zhang Ziran was the Patriarch of Humanity. Everyone knew that Zhang Ziran had used the dao of humanity as his foundation to become the Patriarch of Humanity.

Fa Wuxian was known as the Patriarch of Devourer, and he had used the dao of devouring as his foundation.

Now that Zhuge Ya called himself the "Schemer Ancestor" and Lou Baiyue called himself the "Supreme Ancestor", it meant that he had completely fixed his fate energy.

"I, Wen Hong, was the person appointed by the ancient Son of Heaven. However, I gave up on this great destiny, finally obtaining transcendence. This is innovation, creation, breaking through a fixed destiny, pushing the layers to bring forth the new. I can be called a new ancestor.

Wen Hong had given himself the title of Patriarch of Heaven. The word 'New' contained all of his destiny and good fortune. That was why he had called himself the New Patriarch. RUMBLE!

In the river of destiny, Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and Wen Hong's destiny increased. They radiated light like the sun and moon, illuminating many places. Even Spell Ancestor, Ancestor of Heaven, and Alien Ancestor paled in comparison.

Calling oneself an ancestor was not only enough for one to cultivate to the Heaven Realm Realm. After cultivating to the Heaven Realm Realm, one had to give oneself an accurate position, using a concept, a dao as one's constant fate. Only then would one's strength improve.

"Who would've thought that the three of us would've found our own true Dao. We'll have a solid foundation when we advance into the Heavenly Dao Realm in the future." Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, and Zhuge Ya gathered together.

"Some people haven't found their own position, and if they force it, they will fall."

Zhuge Ya said, "For example, that Ancestor of Heaven Wu Dangkong. Actually, she called herself the Ancestor of Light, but she forced herself to call herself the Ancestor of Heaven.

That is, if one's virtue doesn't match the position, they will fall. Emperor Heaven calling himself the Ancestor of Heaven is the best, but Emperor Heaven doesn't seem to want to call himself the Ancestor of Heaven. He has completely given up his control of heaven and earth. The Heavenly Court is hidden, and from the hidden Heavenly Court, I can vaguely feel that Emperor Heaven has changed his dao, from the Heaven's Will that controls everything to the last hope of all living beings. This kind of change is very frightening. In the future, Emperor Heaven will still be our greatest enemy. "

"I still find it a pity that The Fourth isn't of the same mind as us. Otherwise, we could do a lot of things to deal with the upcoming calamity." Supreme Ancestor Lou Baiyue said.

"The Fourth has his own way of thinking, and we can't force him. This isn't necessarily a bad thing."

New Ancestor Wen Hong said, "Next, we need to be on guard against being killed and devoured. The most dangerous one is the Devouring Ancestor Fa Wuxian. Look at the fate of Fa Wuxian in the river of fate. Anyone who gets close to him won't be spared. He hasn't devoured any ancestor yet, but once he does, it will become even worse."

"I don't think he dares to come and devour us, because we are strong, and we are working together as one. The ancestors of the Human Dynasty aren't united, and they are fighting for themselves. Wu Dangkong is the weakest, and I think Fa Wuxian will devour her first. "Zhuge Ya said.

"She has been jumping around for a long time."

Supreme Ancestor Lou Baiyue said, "However, if we can subdue her, that would be for the best. Letting Fa Wuxian devour her is not a good thing."

"Let's work together. Also, we need to gather the people of the Yongjie Imperial Court with us, and rebuild the Yongchō. Otherwise, they will also be devoured by Fa Wuxian. Other than that, we need to be on guard against Zhang Yi Ren and Hong Ling Sha. Those two are also possessed by something terrifying." Wen Hong said.

"The calamity is coming, and we need to be careful. We have survived so many calamities, and come this way.

But this calamity is the biggest, and it will be hard to pass. But once we do, we will truly transcend. "Lou Baiyue sighed.

The three of them circulated their strength, and a huge wave of Heavenly Realm energy swept out in all directions. They faced upwards. Inside the palace. Ancestor Yi Zhang Ziran was summoning his subordinate. This subordinate was none other than the Devouring Ancestor Fa Wuxian.

"Fa Wuxian, you were originally my subordinate, but who would have thought, you actually cultivated to the Heavenly Realm, and even comprehended the supreme Dao, becoming the Devouring Ancestor. You have many strong points, do you want to be independent now? Become another ancestor of the Great Dynasty? Or leave the Great Dynasty?

Become a Devouring Ancestor? "Zhang Yi Ren looked at the unmoving Fa Wuxian, and his heart was filled with anger.

At this moment, Fa Wuxian sat up straight and said, "I don't want to betray the Great Dynasty, but now that I've become a Ancestor Devourer, my cultivation base is above all the ancestors, it's not suitable for me to be your subordinate, and you can't control me. I came here today to cooperate with you, and strengthen our position. " "What do you want to do?"

Zhang Yi Ren knew that he could not do anything to Fa Wuxian, but he felt that Fa Wuxian could be used.

"Don't you think there are too many ancestors in the Great Dynasty?

Now that they are all doing their own things, there is no way to control them, should we get rid of them one by one?

Refine these ancestors into our weapons, artifacts, or even directly control them, turn them into puppets, and pray in your Heavenly Realm, how about that? "Fa Wuxian's eyes shone with an extremely cold and terrifying light.

"Then which ancestor should we get rid of first?" Zhang Yi Ren was still calm.

"Of course it is the Ancestor of Heaven, Wu Dangkong, this person is the weakest, and has nothing to rely on, and her Dao is not the Heavenly Dao, she can barely be called the Ancestor of Heaven, in fact, she has not even reached the Ancestor Realm, if this person does not die, it is simply intolerable, even the Heavens will not tolerate this ignorant and fearless stupid woman." Fa Wuxian licked his lips, a bloodthirsty light appeared in his eyes.

Zhang Yi Ren saw this light, and his heart skipped a beat, "This person is extremely dangerous, but because of this, we can use him, he is the Devouring Ancestor, he will devour everything.

I can't let this person live, but I can use him to fight the other ancestors to the death, and then I'll reap the benefits. "

Thinking of this, Zhang Yi Ren smiled, "Alright, I have not liked this woman for a long time, if we do not kill her, the Great Dynasty will not have a good life. How do you plan to do it?" "We will work together to suppress her."

Fa Wuxian said, "Of course, a battle like this will definitely cause a lot of commotion. Those Ancestor of Law, Ancestor of Tao, and the others will all feel sorry for the loss of the rabbit and join forces with her to deal with us. If that happens, it will not be a good thing. Why don't we set up a plan and lure Wu Dang Kong to a secret place, then kill and devour her?"