Chapter 184
===========

Last time, Fa Wuxian had caused a huge ruckus in Ancient Dusty Sand Castle, and no one had been able to do anything to him. If he had not been wary of the laws of the Imperial Court, perhaps everyone would not have been able to escape. It was also from that time that Gu Chensha realized how terrifying an Innate Saint was.

At the same cultivation level, an Innate Saint could defeat hundreds of geniuses and dozens of unparalleled geniuses.

Currently, among the 72 Ancient Era's Sects of the Path of Immortals and the various Sage Clans, there was an endless stream of outstanding people. However, only Fa Wuxian could be considered an innate Sage.

At the banquet held by the Celestial Talisman Emperor, Gu Chensha saw a true gathering of geniuses. Thinking about it, they were all far inferior to Fa Wuxian.

At the banquet held by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, Fa Wuxian didn't show up. However, Lei Clan's Lei Tianhui and Fan Clan's Fan Ruyi were there.

In order to prevent Fa Wuxian from suddenly injuring others, Gu Chensha instantly released the King Dragon Armor and wrapped himself tightly. At the same time, he held the Demon Subduing Blade in his hand and circulated the qi and blood in his dantian. He could enter the space of the Sun Moon Altar at any time.

He knew that although his cultivation had skyrocketed recently and his battle prowess was incomparable to before, Fa Wuxian could still kill him in an instant.

It was an instant kill, just like how Lou Baiyue killed the Mosha Crown Prince. No one would have any time to react.

Fortunately, with his help, Lou Baiyue had achieved great mastery in his divine art. He had combined the Emperor's God Sealing Art and the Great God Slaughtering Art together, triggering some kind of mysterious potential in the unseen world, which was enough to resist Fa Wuxian.

"Fa Wuxian, as a member of the Legalism Sect, you disobeyed the imperial court's orders and went against the Emperor. Do you really think that your Innate Saint talent makes you invincible?" Lou Baiyue said coldly. She wasn't afraid of Fa Wuxian at all.

"You're using the imperial court and the Emperor to pressure me?"

Fa Wuxian put his hands behind his back. "Unfortunately, it's useless. Cut the crap and leave. I won't kill you." "How arrogant."

Lou Baiyue waved her hand, and a golden token appeared in her hand. It was engraved with the words "Fa Wuxian". "I hold this token in my hand, representing the emperor. If you abide by the emperor's authority, kneel down immediately and leave this place. I won't make things difficult for you for the sake of the school of Legalism."

"It's as if I'm here …" Fa Wuxian looked at the token and did not move. He said, "Don't take out this stupid token. It can scare others, but it can't scare me." "Very good."

Lou Baiyue nodded. "Seeing this token is like seeing His Majesty. I can say that even a real Saint would have to kowtow to His Majesty, not to mention someone like you who only has the potential to become a Saint. Looking at your personality, when you become a Saint in the future, don't tell me you'll be an arrogant Saint? A saint who doesn't know the immensity of heaven and earth? At such a young age, he has already brought disaster to the Legalists. " "Whatever you say. Legalism is legalism, and I am me. I'm not comprehending the path of the Dharma Saint. "

Fa Wuxian looked at the vast void in silence. "I know what you're thinking. If you want to attack the school of Legalism because I don't respect the emperor's authority, then go ahead. I don't care about the survival of the school of Legalism. The path of the Saint is about being unique. How can someone like you, who only knows how to copy from others, compare to this level of cultivation?" "The ignorant are fearless."

Lou Baiyue put away the token of the Regal Propria Presence. She had already achieved her goal. Fa Wuxian saw the token and did not bow, which was already a great disrespect. If this was reported to the imperial court for discussion, the legalists would not be able to escape punishment.

Fa Wuxian had already expressed his intention to go against the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the imperial court. That meant they were enemies.

"I heard that you've mastered the essence of the Great Massacre God Technique. Let me see how strong this technique is. I heard that you beat up Li Wangsheng and forced him to flee. I am a little shocked.

Last time, you were just at Dao Realm Transformation Six. I saw that you were weak, so I didn't fight you. Now that you are interesting, you have attracted my attention. "Fa Wuxian reached out and grabbed the air. Instantly, the world spun and there was a feeling of a galaxy whirlpool. In Gu Chensha's eyes, the scenes around disappeared. In the world, there was only Fa Wuxian. Behind Fa Wuxian was a vast galaxy. The galaxy flowed and he was the only one in the universe.

With just that grab, Gu Chensha felt like he was shrinking. He was sucked into his palm, turning into dust and not existing anymore.

Such a Martial Dao shocked the world and broke away from the mortal world. It wasn't the power of Xiantian Energy but the power of the soul.

"Good timing."

Lou Baiyue was at the front. She was expressionless and a lotus appeared above her head. The lotus wasn't black, but one black and one white. A word appeared in the white and black lotus. There were only two strokes. One stroke, one pull. Two strokes pulled out a human word. Next to the character, a bow and two arrows appeared, forming the character for Buddha.

It shot out 10,000 streaks of golden light and there was a cracking sound around like something was being broken. Fa Wuxian took a step forward. The clothes on his body fluttered even though there was no wind.

Instantly, the sky turned into a purgatory flame ocean. The ground was magma and the sky was flames. Gu Chensha's mouth was dry and all the blood in his body was evaporating. He was about to turn into a dried up corpse.

He knew that these were illusions formed by the power of the soul but he couldn't break them at all. Fa Wuxian had reached a level where he could ignore all Xiantian Energy. Peng!

At that moment, Lou Baiyue stepped forwards. In the black and white lotus above her head, there was a bow beside the human word. The two arrows shot out and a mountain word appeared. Human and Mountain. That was Celestial.

The Celestial word surged out of the black and white lotus. Immediately, the sky was high and the clouds were light. The beautiful mountains and rivers were picturesque, breaking through Fa Wuxian's flame ocean.

"Oh?" Fa Wuxian's eyes suddenly turned sharp.

At that instant, under his psyche, the world changed again. The world was filled with swords and sabers that hung in the air. They were sharp and could instantly dismember a person.

At that instant, Gu Chensha felt like he was being sliced into pieces. He hovered between life and death.

In his body, his Qi and blood flowed in reverse, out of his control. They crazily drilled into his meridians and acupoints. He couldn't even move a finger, much less enter the Sun Moon Altar.

However, he didn't panic. He forced his mind to operate. "Impressive. Impressive. In that instant, my mind changed and my psyche battled. It's even more dangerous than Xiantian Energy. If I'm not careful, my mind will collapse and I'll become an idiot. Then, my Xiantian Energy will go berserk and I'll be reduced to dust."

He endured the pain and observed carefully. He was able to learn many things. From this psyche, he could see Fa Wuxian's Dao and Lou Baiyue's Dao.

Fa Wuxian's every move was filled with battle intent. He fought against the heavens, the earth, the people, the imperial court, and all living things. His Dao was the Dao of the Dou Sheng. Among the ancient Sages, there was no Battle Sage. He wanted to open up this Dao and become a Battle Sage.

Gu Chensha understood the concept in his heart and peered into its true essence. It was this moment of comprehension that greatly benefited his cultivation.

"Lou Baiyue, you're no match for me!" In the psyche world, Fa Wuxian created countless weapons. "Sword and Saber Fill the Universe!"

All the weapons formed a "Dou" word in the middle. It represented all the battles and the true meaning of battle. This was Fa Wuxian's true ability. However, Lou Baiyue was still expressionless and stoic.

Above his head, the "Mountain" next to the "Celestial" word in the black and white lotus suddenly collapsed. However, two strokes appeared out of nowhere. One horizontal stroke, and another horizontal stroke. It was a "Two" word. Next to the "Human" word, there was a "Two" word.

"Benevolence"!

As soon as the word appeared, the world suddenly became vast and dense. A white rainbow appeared, piercing through the sun. In an eternal river, there seemed to be an endless stream of people with lofty ideals who had truly pursued the path of "benevolence" since ancient times. It broke through everything. All the battle auras were vulnerable in front of this Dao of Benevolence. Crackle! All the swords and sabers disappeared. The "Dou" word also disappeared. The sky became clear again. It was still the Buzhou Palace. Fa Wuxian seemed to not have fought with Lou Baiyue. His fluttering clothes also calmed down.

"The Great God Slayer Technique is indeed powerful. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor is indeed the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. He can suppress the gods and immortals, subdue the demons, and suppress the Heavenly Dao. However, I have already peeped into the core meaning of your Great God Slayer Technique. I will definitely kill you in the future!"

Fa Wuxian waved his sleeves. "This Buzhou Palace is nothing special. However, there are powerful people spying on it. It seems impossible for you to think about it." As he spoke, he had already disappeared.

Lou Baiyue's face turned pale. Her Innate Gang Qi dissipated. No one knew who won this battle. It was still a draw.

"This Fa Wuxian is really powerful."

Lou Baiyue regained her breath. "His cultivation has already reached the realm where he can do as he pleases. Moreover, he is on the path of Battle Saint.

If it wasn't for the fact that there are too many experts here and he is afraid that both of us will be injured and others will take advantage of us, it would be hard to say who will win this battle. " "Are you alright?" Gu Chensha asked with concern.

"I'm fine."

Lou Baiyue returned to normal. "If he can easily break the Great God Slayer Technique, how can the Emperor command the gods?" "Even if he really becomes a Battle Saint, he can't break father's Great God Slayer Technique."

Number Four had not spoken the entire time. He had been watching the entire battle. "However, Fa Wuxian's future might truly be limitless. He's our greatest opponent. He doesn't respect the imperial court's orders, doesn't pay respects to Father Emperor, and is lawless and out of control.

"He is fine. He knows when to retreat."

Gu Chensha saw through him. "Look at his two attacks. He retreated after failing to kill the Imperial Court. It is clear that he is afraid of the Imperial Court. Father can tolerate him."

"In the Emperor's eyes, he is just a rebellious child." Lou Baiyue said. "Actually, the Emperor loves him." "Let's not talk about him."

Gu Chensha said, "The people here don't seem to want to leave Buzhou Palace. Should we start a massacre?" "Kill!"

Lou Baiyue did not pity him. "But we can just expel the people of the Immortal Path. Kill the barbarians and demons."