Chapter 114
===========

"You want to leave!"

Lei Jiudong's body flashed and he appeared in front of Yi Ming. His fingers formed a grabbing shape and True Qi turned into a net that landed.

Yi Ming's two fingers were like blades, and with a light slash, the net was torn apart. However, he did not want to continue fighting with Lei Jiudong. He immediately flew off into the distance. "Lei Jiudong, although your cultivation base is strong, you haven't mastered the Glass Jade Body. You can't do anything to me.

"Damn! How did this happen? "

Lei Jiudong saw that Yi Ming's movement technique and how he broke his True Qi net. He was shocked and knew that he wouldn't be able to do anything even if he chased him, "Why is he so strong? I am obviously a realm higher than him. But he absorbed all the True Central Lightning Elites and was able to fight against me. What should I do now? I have suffered a huge loss. "

He was a Dao Realm Transformation Eight expert and should have been able to suppress Yi Ming. What he didn't know was that Yi Ming had schemed against him.

He was calculating that the moment he turned Yi Ming into a Lightning God believer, the Lightning God would descend and reward him, allowing his realm to rise once more. But now, all of that had gone to waste. All of a sudden, he had no idea and didn't know what to do.

At this moment, Yi Ming returned to the castle and was summoned by Gu Chensha. He also had a Cycle Box from the Celestial Craft Institute.

"Master, you went to meet Grand Tutor Wen Hong and are back? Did you face any danger? "

Yi Ming looked at Gu Chensha condensing his blood and drawing talismans on the Xuanwu egg. When the Sun Moon Dragon Blood entered the egg, the Xuanwu egg gave out thick essence energy. The energy became purer and purer, "I can see that Master's cultivation will break through in a short while and he will reach the second transformation of Dao Realm." "My progress is slow but I am not in a rush."

After Gu Chensha drew the talismans on the Xuanwu Egg, he opened up the Great Dragon Armor and used the Sun Moon Refining Technique to draw talismans on it.

The Great Dragon Armor absorbed the talismans and started to move. It seemed like it had become stronger.

"This time, when I meet Grand Preceptor Wen Hong, I reckon that I will encounter danger. Because I have a Death Exemption Talisman, I am not afraid."

Gu Chensha, on the other hand, had a plan in mind. His cultivation base is too strong. Even if I were to become a hundred times stronger, I would still not be a match for him. He actually broke through space and sent me 100,000 kilometers away in the blink of an eye.

"Now that the two realms are separated, his cultivation is close to that of some primordial demon immortals. He is slowly coming into contact with the mysteries of the gods," Yi Ming said in shock. "Luckily, I think he is also afraid of the Death-Exemption Talisman, so he doesn't dare to do anything to you. No matter how strong he was, he was not a match for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

Back then, it was said that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor didn't kill him because he intentionally spared him. " "He also mentioned this matter."

Gu Chensha seemed to have a lot on his mind. "I received news from him that the Emperor will disappear soon. According to his identity, he doesn't seem to be lying. If he really disappears, what should the world do?" "Actually, this rumor has existed since the tenth year of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor."

Yi Ming said, "According to logic, given the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's achievements, the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman Decree should have fallen into his hands long ago. But it hasn't appeared yet. This means that the Heavenly Dao doesn't recognize him.

There's also another point. During the tenth year of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, he led his subjects to worship the heavens. During the worship, there was a phenomenon in the sky. There was actually a solar eclipse. The sun was surrounded by a blood-colored light that lasted for a very long time. Even when the moon rose at night, it was also surrounded by a dense blood-colored light. This lasted for ten days before vanishing. There are records of such phenomena in the primordial era. Master should know what's going on. " "I know."

Gu Chensha recalled that in the ancient times, there were a few extremely evil emperors who sacrificed to the heavens. The heavens were enraged and the people were resentful. There was also a solar eclipse where the blood-colored light surrounded the sun and moon for a day and night. After that, these emperors all died and their countries were destroyed.

Even for the most evil emperors, the blood-colored light only surrounded the sun and moon for a day and night. But after the Heavenly Talisman Emperor sacrificed to the heavens, it actually lasted for ten days and nights. How evil was this?

"At that time, I was only ten years old. Although I wasn't very sensible, I still remember this matter. During those few days, the sun and moon were indeed covered in a layer of blood-colored light. At that time, the people in the capital city were in a state of panic. Later on, the imperial court issued a decree saying that the evil gods were causing mischief and bewitching the people. After that, the people in the capital city gradually calmed down."

Gu Chensha recalled the past. "After that, nothing much happened among the people. Instead, the weather was good and the people lived in peace. After three years, the people's hearts finally calmed down. Could there be a reason behind this?"

"That was definitely not the work of the evil gods. Even God Maha wouldn't do such a thing. The sun and moon in the sky are actually one of the incarnations of the Dao. That's why they can illuminate every corner of the Endless Mainland."

Yi Ming said, "Actually, anyone with a high cultivation base would know that this was indeed a change in the Heavenly Dao.

However, the reason why the weather was so good was probably because the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor used his supreme divine arts to suppress the change in the Heavenly Dao. "

"Yes, I've read the ancient records. When those evil emperors worship the heavens and something like this happens, there will be all sorts of natural and man-made disasters within three years. Then, the people and gods will abandon them and they will eventually fall." Gu Chensha said, "Now that three years have passed, the people's hearts will naturally calm down."

"But more and more aristocratic families, as well as our barbarian tribes, have secretly received the divine edict saying that the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor has been abandoned by the Heavenly Dao. We have to be prepared. Otherwise, the barbarians wouldn't be preparing to attack the pass." Yi Ming said.

"Isn't it said that the one who wins the hearts of the people will win the world?" Gu Chensha felt that his way of thinking was subverted. "Now, who in the world doesn't say that the emperor is good? Why does the Heavenly Dao think that he isn't doing well? " "The will of the heavens is hard to predict. It's not something that we can know."

Yi Ming said, "If we can know how the Heavenly Dao thinks, then we will be invincible. Even the gods don't know the true nature of the Heavenly Dao." "Yi Ming, how do you feel about the lives of the commoners now?" Gu Chensha asked.

"The world is different from the previous dynasties. Many rules have been subverted. In another hundred years, or even several hundred years, I'm afraid the entire world will change."

Yi Ming pondered, "If I were the commoners of the Yongchō, I would be happy, because I have hope for the future." "Many people think the same way. Your Majesty is still very popular among the commoners."

Gu Chensha stood up, looking at the merchants coming and going in his fief. Everyone had joy on their faces, even the lowliest of coachmen and servants, they all had hope. "I will not allow anyone to destroy this life, not even the heavens.

However, why did the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman fall into my hands? This is the crux of the matter, and is worth pondering. Actually, for the people of the world, I am willing to offer the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman to the heavens. But now, the talisman has fused into the depths of my mind, and I can't take it out even if I wanted to. If the world really changes, what should I do? "

"Master, I might break through to the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Body at any moment. Lei Family's 60 years of essence has been injected into my Xiantian energy, which is the same as 40 years of cultivation." Yi Ming said, "I hope that Master can help me with the last step." "Oh? How do you want me to help you? "Gu Chensha retracted his thoughts.

"My body has accumulated large amounts of lightning essence and it is close to being full."

Yi Ming said, "The Samadhi True Flame burns both inside and out, but it is fine. Only the last step will burn the brain, and if I am not careful, it will damage my brain and cause me to go mad.

However, after consuming the Seven Sage Heart Tempering Pill, my mental power has improved, and I'm not afraid of this step. I'm also somewhat confident. However, in order to ensure that nothing goes wrong, I still want Master to draw a talisman on my head.

Another thing is that when I advance, Master will feel it more deeply. At the same time, it will transform my essence energy, causing Master's cultivation to increase. Maybe you might even break through to Dao Realm Two Transformation. " "Oh? Is this the same as when I hatched the Xuanwu Egg? "Gu Chensha understood.

Yi Ming sat down and started to adjust the Xiantian energy in his body. Instantly, his body started to burn like a blazing flame.

Gu Chensha forced out fresh blood. His fingers moved like snakes as he drew many talismans on his head.

Yi Ming's clothes burned and then his body started to burn. His flesh and blood started to burn from the inside out. It was like a piece of paper turning into glass, slowly giving off a glow. It wasn't a physical body but an exquisite treasure.

Gu Chensha was secretly shocked. Only now did he know why it was called the Glass Jade Body. This was really the calcination of glass. As long as he could break through this stage, the cultivation of his physical body would reach a whole new realm. It was far from something that could be compared to copper skin and iron bones. In the end, the flames rose to his neck and then his brain. There couldn't be any mistakes.

Gu Chensha pointed at Yi Ming's brow and instantly sensed that all the blood in his body was being sucked. But he knew that Yi Ming was using his Sun Moon Dragon Blood to protect his brain.

In his mind, Yi Ming's movement path and the various changes in the Xiantian energy were all reflected in his mind. It was the same as him going through this transformation.

His face was ashen white and half of his blood was sucked away by Yi Ming. He could only drink Heaven Dew and the essence energy in his body surged.

The blood that was sucked away was also burned by the true flame and became purer. This was a realm that he couldn't reach at all. Kacha!

Yi Ming's hair was burned by the true flame and he became bald. Flames charged out from his head and were three feet tall.

At that moment, the half of the blood that Yi Ming sucked away surged back. The blood that was burned by the Samadhi True Flame surged back into Gu Chensha's body. At that moment, he went through a true blood change.

He couldn't help but let out a long howl that shook the nine heavens. Flames also shot out from his pores, and the enormous Yuan Qi in his body instantly filled every inch of his skin, muscles, and bones. Even his nails were filled with boundless strength.

His entire body, when he breathed, his vital energy flowed a full cycle and there were no more obstacles. Wherever his mind went, the spiritual energy that he sucked from the air would go there.

When he breathed, the spiritual energy was just used in his meridians and merged with his blood to nourish his body. Now, the spiritual energy directly entered his skin, bones, marrow, and stratum corneum. This was the second change of Dao Realm, nine bulls and two tigers.