Chapter 302
===========

Rumble! In the basin, the hundreds of thousands of barbarians suffered a calamity.

The Vermillion Bird statue that they worshipped day and night suddenly emitted countless flames that landed on the basin like meteors. When the flames touched their bodies, they immediately started to burn, causing them to howl in pain. However, they would not die immediately.

"Why, why? Why does our god want to burn us to death … "

The hundreds of thousands of barbarians rolled on the ground. The flames could not even be extinguished by water, causing them to suffer hellish pain. Their resentment was extremely deep.

"Hahaha, burn, burn, howl. Slowly being burned to death, your resentment will become deeper and deeper! The more powerful it will be. " All of the burned souls, flesh, blood, and resentment gathered into the Vermillion Bird statue.

An hour later, countless people died in pain. The Vermillion Bird statue was originally fiery red, but it had now turned black.

Que Ying 'er formed a spell, and the Vermillion Bird statue turned into a black beam of light that shot into the distance.

Meanwhile, in Gu Chensha's castle, everyone was waiting. As expected, the black beam of light descended and shot into the Book of Heavenly Demon.

When Zhuge Ya saw this scene, joy appeared on his face. "Now, let's see how Li Wanlong's will is and whether he can turn the world upside down."

Just as he finished speaking, endless tremors suddenly erupted from the depths of the Heavenly Demon Book. It was as if a small world was exploding. Ten thousand dragons roared, and an earthen-yellow light appeared. Many divine beasts roared incessantly, and Hu Gu's horrified voice could be heard. Buzz …

The Book of Heavenly Demon trembled more and more violently. It was about to fly up and turn into a beam of light to escape.

If the Book of Heavenly Demon left, Gu Chensha and the others would lose everything. They would not obtain the Vermillion Bird egg, and the Book of Heavenly Demon would escape. At this moment, Zhuge Ya patted Jin Suibo's body.

Five beams of starlight appeared in Jin Suibo's body and shot into the sky. He activated the power of the stars, and countless beams of starlight descended, crashing into the Book of Heavenly Demon and sealing it. Zhuge Ya, on the other hand, activated the Seven Star Profound Meaning.

In that instant, the profound mysteries of the Seven Stars resonated with the seven stars in the sky. In the daytime, the stars truly appeared, stealing the radiance of the sun and moon.

At this moment, a total of twelve stars appeared in the sky, sensing the celestial phenomena. The vastness of this concept was simply unprecedented.

No matter where they were, as long as they had a slightly higher cultivation base, they would be able to see the power of the stars falling into Gu Chensha's territory like a heavenly waterfall, making loud rumbling sounds. The area within a radius of several hundred kilometers had become a sea of starlight. This was not something that could be described by ordinary phenomena.

"What? The Lord of Seven Stars has appeared. "

In the depths of the Wildlands, in the middle of a cluster of lakes, there was a dimension that was made up of boundless starlight. The figure of the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong appeared. Wen Hong was the first to notice the abnormality.

He cultivated the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art, so he was most sensitive to the stars. You could say that no one was more familiar with them than he was.

In the blink of an eye, he opened his eyes from within his divine kingdom and saw Gu Chensha's territory. He saw the Twelve Star Profound Meanings appear, and in the blink of an eye, the power of the stars became almost tangible. It enveloped the entire territory for hundreds of kilometers, penetrated deep into the earth, and transformed all of the rocks and soil into starstone.

He wanted to take action and absorb the Twelve Star Profound Meanings, but he suppressed himself. "I really have to look at them in a new light. They actually managed to get the Lord of Seven Stars to work for them. If they succeed, the Celestial Calmness Department will truly be a force to be reckoned with. Let's see how they survive this tribulation."

Zhuge Ya completely unsealed himself, unleashing the full power of the Seven Stars Profound Meanings. He drew upon the stars, gathered their power, and broke through the shackles. His cultivation base rose steadily.

Gu Chensha watched as his cultivation base rose rapidly. From the Fourteenth Transformation, Nascent Divinity Projection, to the Fifteenth Transformation, Heaveneye Emptiness, to the Sixteenth Transformation, Reincarnation in a Corpse, and then the Seventeenth Transformation, Dao-Splitting Divinity. Furthermore, Zhuge Ya didn't just have three Nascent Divinities. He had seven.

These seven Nascent Divinities constantly absorbed the power of the stars, unleashing boundless explosive power and potential. Gu Chensha had never seen such tyrannical potential. This was someone twice as powerful as Fa Wuxian.

As for Zhuge Ya, he waved his hand, and Jin Suibo's five stars began to rotate, transforming as they attempted to fuse into his body.

However, he had forcibly seized these five stars. They were heaven-defying, and if they fused with them, there would be countless disasters. The lightning in the sky transformed, as did yin and yang, all of which surged toward Jin Suibo.

Zhuge Ya leveled up in an instant, and his cultivation base increased by more than ten times. Gu Chen, Sha Lou, Bai Yue, and even the Black Tortoise baby could sense that invincible power.

His power was connected to the four of them, and their Connate astral energies and Nascent Divinities were propelled by his Nascent Divinities. Lou Baiyue seemed to be on the verge of another breakthrough. The five of them joined forces and once again suppressed the Heavenly Demon Tome.

However, Zhuge Ya's sudden increase in power revealed his position and status. All the experts of the world knew that the Lord of Seven Stars had appeared.

This was extremely dangerous. Even the most powerful of existences had to obtain the title of Lord of Seven Stars. Last time, the reincarnated servant boy of the Martial Song Planet had been coveted by countless almighty experts. In the end, the Black Cosmos Gate's Sect Master Chang Weiyang had kidnapped him. This time, as the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya had shaken the world. RUMBLE! Ten breaths of time later, the world changed color.

An enormous hand descended from the east, blotting out the sun and blotting out the sky. It glowed with azure light, carrying with it all the majesty of the world. In the blink of an eye, it was in the air above Gu Chensha's fief. Everything within a radius of several hundred kilometers was snatched away by this hand. The power of this hand was enough to grab mountains as if they were nothing.

"That's the Black Heaven Earth Gate's Azure Dragonwood Grand Emperor Art!"

Gu Chensha's eyes were filled with rage. He felt an incomparable pressure. "What a bunch of thieves! They're clearly looking down on the imperial court. They're openly attacking a prince's residence. How dare they!"

The power of this hand was enough to shake heaven and earth. It wasn't something that Gu Chensha and the others could stand up to.

The Black Heaven Earth Gate's sect master was a peerless old-timer. Rumor had it that he had already cultivated to the Dao Realm Thirty Transformations, making him a true god. In addition, the Black Heaven Earth Gate also had a true Azure Dragon Sacred Beast.

The Black Heaven Earth Gate was the number one sect of the ancient seventy-two sects. Its deep reserves were far beyond what ordinary sects could compare to.

Many old-timers feared the imperial court and didn't dare to make a move. However, the Black Heaven Earth Gate's sect master was throwing caution to the wind. It was clear that he was ready to shed all pretense of cordiality with the imperial court. He was also certain that Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman wouldn't appear.

Of course, the actions of these old-timers were all within the calculations of Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya, and the others.

"Seven Star Profoundness, Five Star Profoundness, Calamity of Heavenly Tribulation, Xuanwu Transformation!"

Zhuge Ya suddenly slapped his hand. His Seven Star Profoundness and Jin Suibo's Five Star Profoundness all flew into the Book of Sky Demon. Then, the Book of Sky Demon flew into the sky and violently expanded, smashing towards the palm.

The green palm immediately grabbed at the Book of Sky Demon. An unparalleled power broke through the restrictions of the Book of Sky Demon, wanting to grab the Seven Star Profoundness and Five Star Profoundness.

But at this moment, the Book of Sky Demon contained the North Star Will and Li Wanlong's will. How could it be so easy for the green palm to grab the Seven Star Profoundness and Five Star Profoundness?

"Great Mighty Sky Dragon …"

At this moment, a deep voice came from the west. A giant dragon claw broke through the void and grabbed at the Book of Sky Demon. However, the Book of Sky Demon had already turned into a ball of demonic clouds that covered hundreds of miles. When the dragon claw grabbed it, it seemed to be sucked in.

"It's the Great Might Dynasty's Black Yellow Dragon Emperor."

Lou Baiyue said, "The Black Heaven Earth Sect's Sect Leader, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, and Li Wanlong are probably the top three old-timers in the world." "Use the Death Exemption Talisman and cut off their power!"

At this moment, Zhuge Ya suddenly said, "Cut off their power and protect us at the same time. With the help of these three powers, we can completely break open the Book of Divine Fey. After this tempering, my Seven Star Profound Meaning can be completely integrated into my body. The Book of Divine Fey can also be used by us." "Alright!" Gu Chensha knew that this was the last chance. All his schemes were like this.

He took out the Death Exemption Talisman that the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had given him and suddenly used it. The Death Exemption Talisman was his final trump card. Using it now would maximize his benefits.

If Gu Chensha had only been attacked by one of the old-timers, then he would have only been able to save his life and repel the old-timers. But now, Zhuge Ya could become the true Lord of Seven Stars. He could cut off the power of Li Wanlong, the Black Heaven Earth Sect Leader, and the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. He could borrow the power of these three peerless old-timers to destroy the Book of the Heavenly Demon and take control of it.

Under such a scheme, whether it was Goddess Hu Gu or the ancient divine beast's demon soul, they could only be drawn into it.

With the 7-star and 5-star profoundness as bait, these old antiques had no choice but to take the bait.

Originally, Zhuge Ya had a series of preparations, but after the appearance of the Vermillion Bird egg, he changed his plans. The moment the Death Exemption Talisman was taken out, There was no sound, but the world seemed to freeze. Time seemed to stop at this moment.

The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's talisman could suppress everything. Not to mention the power of Sages, even the power of the Heavenly Dao, such as the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, would be completely distorted. This huge power first protected Gu Chensha's fief, then rushed into the Book of Sky Demon.

The Book of Sky Demon was filled with endless killing intent. It was also a threat to Gu Chensha and the others. The power of the Death Exemption Talisman, in addition to protecting oneself and avoiding certain death, also contained the true essence of killing. The majesty of an emperor could not be blasphemed.