Chapter 993
===========

Devour Ancestor Without Immortality Chapter 990: Devour Ancestor Without Immortality Chapter 990: Devour Ancestor Without Immortality

The space between Fa Wuxian's eyebrows suddenly separated, and another eye appeared. This eye was extremely ferocious. It was filled with cruelty, viciousness, ferocity, hatred, hostility, and all sorts of negative emotions. Fa Wuxian was no longer human. He was the source of all destruction, the embodiment of all darkness. Resentment, vile spawn, all of these manifested the absolute essence of his body. This was Fa Wuxian.

"Gu Chensha, even though you imprisoned me in the Eternal World and made me lose all my power, I didn't stay idle during my time as an ordinary person. I finally comprehended the deepest hatred in my heart and formed this Eye of Hatred.

In the hundred years since I entered the human world, I used this hatred to push my cultivation to the peak of the Heaven Origin Realm. "

Fa Wuxian said, "Right now, I'm going to keep devouring everything and condense a technique that surpasses your Dragonless Heart Sutra. All of my life force will be focused on the Dao of Destruction, the supreme Dao. Fa Wuxian moved and landed on a continent above the ocean.

This continent was extremely prosperous. Many countries coexisted, fighting and plotting against each other.

There were cultivators on this continent too, but the continent was still in the era of the Immortal Dao Civilization. There was no technological civilization, so the common people lived in the feudal era. On this continent, apart from the countries, there were also many Immortal Dao Sects.

These Immortal Dao Sects controlled many countries and made the emperors of those countries offer sacrifices and collect the power of faith. The Fallen Immortal Sect was such a sect.

The Fallen Immortal Sect was in the west of the Kun Yun Continent and controlled dozens of countries.

The Kun Yun Continent was extremely vast. There were dozens of Immortal Dao Sects and thousands of countries on it. The situation was complicated.

The Fallen Immortal Sect was a mid-tier Immortal Dao Sect on the Kun Yun Continent. The Sect Master was called Fallen Immortal Daoist. He was a God Realm expert, someone who had created a world with the Thirty Changes of the Dao Realm. In the depths of the Fallen Immortal Sect was a small world.

Such a sect was less than a speck of dust in the human world, but it was a giant force in the Kun Yun Continent. Clap clap clap clap … At the lowest level of the Fallen Immortal Sect, there were rows of houses where the servants lived.

At this time, many servant disciples were watching the fight in the square. A handsome servant youth was tied to a pillar and was being whipped by an outer sect disciple.

Wherever the whip went, blood splattered. Not long after, there wasn't a single intact piece of flesh on the youth's body.

But the young man didn't say a word. He was incomparably unyielding, and he kept on cursing, "Li Hu, you framed me. That thing was actually stolen by you. You stole something from the sect and put it in my room. You're clearly framing me." "Damned thing, you stole the sect's medicinal pills, and now you dare to spout nonsense here?"

Li Hu, the Outer Sect disciple, kept whipping him until he had no strength left. "Guards! Lock this damned little bastard up in the sect's jail. Once the higher-ups give their verdict, we'll make him beg for death, but he won't be able to."

Immediately, a few servant disciples came and tied the youth up, dragging him into the jail in the back of the mountain.

When he was locked up, the servant disciples said, "Ye Tian, do you know why you offended Lord Li Hu? It was because of Fairy Xu Xia. Last time, you served her and showed off your literary skills. Do you really think you can reach the heavens in one step? You don't know that's the path to death. Just wait for your death. " These servant disciples didn't seem to like Ye Tian's showing off.

"You bunch of lackeys, just wait until I get rich. I'll definitely tear you all to pieces." Ye Tian let out a long howl like a wounded beast.

"Rich? You're about to die without a burial. You'll either be fed to the beasts or become a medicine man. You'll beg for death. "The servant disciples laughed and left the jail. Ye Tian howled again, "I, Ye Tian, will definitely become famous! I won't die here … " Ding dong …

At that moment, a voice rang out in Ye Tian's mind, "Yin Yang System activated … Host comprehends Yin Yang and raises cultivation. Gather the Yin Yang Energy in the world and gather everything. Gather Yin Yang to create everything." Honglong!

Ye Tian's cultivation climbed and in a flash, he stepped into the Dao Realm. One Transformation, two Transformations, three Transformations … He reached 36 Transformations right away before stopping at the peak of Embodiment Transformation.

"What? This is my cultivation?

Our Fallen Celestial Sect's Sect Leader is only at 30 Transformations. I'm actually six realms higher than him?

I, Ye Tian, will dominate the Fallen Celestial Sect and make everyone bow to me! "Ye Tian was about to attack. But at that moment, a person appeared in front of him. It was Fa Wuxian.

Fa Wuxian looked at Ye Tian and a cold smile appeared on his face. "After waiting for so long, the Yin Yang System has finally been born. To think that it would fall into the hands of a person like you.

Logically speaking, you should have been able to achieve great things and have many beauties. What a waste, what a waste … " "Who are you? Die!" Ye Tian waved his hand and a spatial shockwave shot towards Fa Wuxian.

Fa Wuxian grabbed out and shattered the spatial ripples. Then, he pressed his hand down on Ye Tian's head. In an instant, Ye Tian's cultivation base dropped. Very quickly, he returned to the state he was in before the fortuitous encounter.

Then, a Yin Yang Diagram formed by Yin Yang Energy flew out. This was the Yin Yang System's main body and it entered Fa Wuxian's body.

"Kid, I won't kill you, but you will probably die.

This is because you won't have any fortuitous encounters and your fate will be tragic. Your sect won't let you off. You obtained a fortuitous encounter and this fate was arranged by Gu Chensha, but I will destroy that fate. This will also weaken Gu Chensha's fate. "Fa Wuxian laughed out loud and disappeared. Ye Tian laid limp on the ground.

On the morning of the second day, a few servant disciples entered and dragged Ye Tian out like wolves.

Ye Tian roared, but it was useless. He was escorted into a room, which was filled with human skin, skeletons, and many poisons. There were many people whose faces had been changed beyond recognition, and they were wailing in pain. There were also a few people who were concocting medicine.

"This servant is called Ye Tian. He stole the sect's pills and his crime is unforgivable. The sect has decided to use this disciple as a test subject." "Okay, I have developed a poison. Let's test it on him. " Ye Tian was forced to consume the poison and instantly, his screams made one's hair stand on end.

"Eh? His fate has been destroyed? "

In the River of Fate, Gu Chensha was observing. Just now, a small snake had been rapidly expanding and was about to become a huge snake, but it had been devoured by a flood dragon. "Fa Wuxian devoured the person who obtained the Yin Yang System. I created this Yin Yang System to create a person who could balance Yin and Yang, to calculate Yin and Yang to the extreme. It can be considered a small tributary of fate. After Fa Wuxian devoured it, he destroyed my River of Fate. Actually, it's nothing much. I want to see how he grows."

In another continent on the sea, in the Henglong Continent, there was an illegitimate son of the royal family who was being hunted down.

But as he was being hunted down, the Five Elements System suddenly descended from the sky and landed on this prince. The prince was about to go on a killing spree when Fa Wuxian descended and took away his system, causing the illegitimate prince to be hacked to death and sink into the river.

In Gudang Continent, in a huge college, there was a young man who was deceived by a woman but obtained the Eight Trigrams System. However, it was also plundered by Fa Wuxian. In the end, this young man was killed by the students of the college.

In a row, more than ten people who should have had fortuitous encounters were all plundered by Fa Wuxian, their fate and fate devoured.

Gu Chensha continued to devour like this for an entire year. Gu Chensha had been observing Fa Wuxian's changes through the River of Destiny.

All of a sudden, Fa Wuxian's Fate Flood Dragon started to evolve in the River of Fate, becoming a true dragon.

And in the depths of the Human Realm's ocean, Fa Wuxian was deep in a trench. A devouring power surged out from his body. After that, all of his Heavenly Primordial cultivation base began to gather and condense. Undying power surged and waves of Heaven Realm aura were born within his body.

In an instant, Fa Wuxian had reached the Heaven Realm. He had also reached the seventh level of the Immortal Realm, the true Immortal Realm.

After level 7 of Immortal Realm, one could gather power and undergo a transformation. Then, by chance, one could reach Heaven Realm and form a Heaven Realm within one's body. This realm could be called Ancestor.

"From now on, I am also an Ancestor, I am Ancestor Devouring.

Devour everything, devour Gu Chensha, devour the human world, devour the Heaven Dao, devour Gu Taxian. "

Fa Wuxian said, "Progenitor Devourer is me. I am Progenitor Devourer. Up until now, there are Progenitor Wu, Progenitor Ren, Progenitor Dao, Progenitor Tian, Progenitor Law, Progenitor Yi, and Progenitor Yi. Now, there is me, Progenitor Devourer, and I, Progenitor Devourer, will devour all of them." As he spoke, Fa Wuxian disappeared in an instant.

"Ancestor Devouring is born, good!"

Gu Chensha nodded, "Fa Wuxian is the Ancestor Devouring, the Dao of Devouring. After that terrifying thing was born, it focused on devouring. It devoured everything and fused it into its stomach. Since Fa Wuxian calls it Ancestor Devouring, it is equivalent to splitting the fate of that terrifying thing.

That was tantamount to splitting the fate of that terrifying thing, and it could weaken that terrifying thing in the future. However, its fate still can't escape from my River of Fate.

Other than Ancestor Devouring, there will be many more Ancestors. Three thousand Ancestors will be gathered. When that time comes, it will truly collapse. "