Chapter 502
===========

"The movement of the Heavenly Law Art isn't limited to battle. The benefits that it has brought to our Calming Immortal Department are simply immense."

Zhuge Ya said, "However, the only drawback is that when you cultivate this art, the Heavenly Law's Call will invade you at any time. You will be in extreme danger, and it will be the same as dancing on the edge of a cliff. If anything goes wrong, you will be consigned to eternal damnation, and not even your corpse will be found.

This is a test for you, but if something unexpected happens to you, our Calming Immortal Department will basically be destroyed. "

"It's fine. I have absorbed some of the Dharma Saint's experiences in the Law Realms. At the very least, there won't be any problems before I cultivate to the twenty-fifth transformation."

Gu Chensha was very clear about his own cultivation. His experience was even richer than a Saint's, and his knowledge was as vast as the ocean.

Furthermore, his calculation ability surpassed Zhuge Ya's, and he had already reached the realm of multitasking.

This realm was used to organize knowledge, ferment all kinds of knowledge, and extract the truth that belonged to him. The efficiency was also greatly increased.

There were simply too many absolute arts, and the memories of the various Saints were incomparably vast. However, Gu Chensha wasn't afraid of the trouble and extracted the strongest dao of truth, peering into the essence of cultivation, and breaking through all limits.

"The purpose of this meeting is to discuss the next step to maximize the benefits of the Calming Immortal Department's development."

Lou Baiyue said, "Our Calming Immortal Division's biggest operation now is to obtain the World Burial Coffin, the second is to capture the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, and the third is Chen Sha's grand plan. Let the Ancient Flicking Sword plot against the Martial Emperor and the Wu Clan, and then we will reap the benefits without doing anything.

As long as we can suppress the Martial Emperor in our Common People's Wish sphere, everything will be fine. " "Plotting against a Martial Emperor is easier said than done."

Zhuge Ya's expression was grave. "Fortunately, we are killing with a borrowed knife. Even if we fail, we won't suffer any losses. It will be a dog-eat-dog battle, and we will let Gu Tanjian and the Martial Emperor and the Wu Clan fight to the death."

"The Demon Race, the Noble Families, the Demon Race, the Great Prestige Dynasty, the three Heavenly Venerables, the Immortal Dao Mysterious Sect, and many other hidden forces. It's a complete mess."

The Fourth said, "But the world cannot fall into chaos. I've already contacted all the Governors and Inspector-Generals and signed an agreement to assist them in their cultivation and expand their influence. They also swore to the Sphere of the Common People's Wishes to maintain the peace of the world and to protect the imperial court with their lives. They must not allow the empire to fall into ruin. Look. "

As the Fourth spoke, 99 oaths appeared within the sphere, each containing an immense amount of Fate. Each of the oaths was equivalent to the oaths of millions of people. This was the governor's oath.

The governors of the ninety-nine prefectures were high-ranking officials who were in charge of the soldiers and civilians of the prefectures. They could make arbitrary decisions, and had great authority. Even if they weren't strong enough, the karmic luck they possessed was real. With the help of their positions in the imperial court, they could change the fate of the people in the prefectures. Now, all of the ninety-nine viceroys had been persuaded by the Fourth, and had sworn oaths.

Apart from that, thousands of oaths had also appeared. These oaths were about the size of a million people. These were the Inspector-Generals' oaths. Most of the Inspector-Generals in the world were also persuaded by the Fourth.

The central power of the imperial court was a prefecture's governor, and a prefecture had more than ten provinces, or even dozens of provinces. The officials of each province were called Inspector-Generals.

Governors and Inspector-Generals were in charge of the world's taxes, food, public security, bailiffs, and half of the military camps. They were a huge hub that communicated with the upper and lower levels of the imperial court. When the imperial court governed the world, it had to rely on the Governors and Inspector-Generals.

If the Governors were honest and capable, the world would be governed. If the Governors were greedy and cruel, the world would be ruined, and the imperial court's orders wouldn't leave the capital city.

The Governors of the imperial court were all personally selected by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor when he was still alive. Before each Governor was appointed, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor would personally meet and talk to them. Until now, there hadn't been a change of Governors.

Even if Wu Dangkong wanted to change some Governors, he didn't have a strong foundation and couldn't make arbitrary decisions in the study room.

Furthermore, as the power of the Celestial Pacification Department grew, with the operations of the fourth prince, most of the righteous officials in the imperial court hated Wu Dang Kong. They also did not have a good impression of the crown prince, Gu Xuansha. Most of the upright officials felt that the Crown Prince, Gu Xuansha, was cowardly and incompetent.

Originally, the officials of the imperial court thought that the Crown Prince should at least resist Wu Dangkong in the imperial court and create a balance. This way, everyone's life would be better. However, not only did the Crown Prince not keep Wu Dangkong in check, he even colluded with Wu Dangkong to establish the Heaven Alliance. This caused countless officials to be disappointed.

It had to be said that with the passage of time, anyone with a little bit of wisdom in the world could see that Gu Danjian, Gu Xuansha, and Wu Dangkong, these three henchmen who were like the sun in the sky, actually did not have much contribution to the world. Only the Tranquil Immortal Department was the true mainstay, so their hearts changed.

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, was able to rope in all the governors. This was also the reason why the officials were extremely disappointed with the Crown Prince and the Imperial Concubine Wu Dangkong.

Moreover, the Celestial Pacification Department was righteous. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor had given them a token that said, 'As if I was there in person'. This token was supreme, and with it, it was equivalent to the Emperor appearing in person. Those governors who joined the Celestial Pacification Department weren't rebels, but they were personally listening to the Emperor.

In time, the entire imperial court would shift to the Celestial Pacification Department. The officials would only listen to the orders of the Celestial Pacification Department and not the High Study Room. This way, fate would gather on the Common People's Wish Sphere.

No wonder the Fourth could cultivate the Past Reflection of the 23 Transformations of the Dao Realm. His patience and management skills, as well as his meticulous preaching and roping in the imperial court, are all areas where I can't compare to him.

He actually managed to convince all the governors and more than half of the Imperial Governors. Gu Chensha felt that if he were to do this, he definitely wouldn't be able to do it as well as the Fourth.

Of course, he was good at fighting, scheming, and plotting. He was able to handle the various God realm and Saint experts with ease. This was something that the Fourth couldn't compare to. The people in the Celestial Pacification Department all had their own strengths.

Lou Baiyue's management of the Common People's Wish Collegium was also very impressive. Under her command, the three hundred and sixty marshals of the common people were able to unleash their full potential. The entire collegium had nurtured many talents, and these talents then worked together with the governors to govern the world. Together, they formed a dense network of relationships that grew larger and tighter.

Gu Chensha could even see that as the governors pledged their loyalty, the Common People's Wish Academy sent talents to the governors' regions. The fate of the Celestial Pacification Department became stronger and stronger, and the Common People's Wish Sphere became more and more flexible. If this continued, it would transform very quickly.

This was the advantage of the Celestial Pacification Department. After all, when the aristocratic families were at their most turbulent times, they wouldn't be able to obtain the loyalty of all the governors.

Gu Chensha carefully analyzed the general situation of the world, the relationships between officials and commoners, and the hearts of people. He gained a new understanding of the mysteries of time.

"There are still a small half of the governors in the world who are from the aristocratic families. It's impossible to rope them in."

The Fourth's Gu Huasha's expression was very solemn. "These governors hold important positions and have the aristocratic families backing them. We can't touch them either.

However, as the talents of the Common People's Wish Academy increase, the governors will have forces they can use. The situation will no longer be the same as it is now. " "That's right."

Lou Baiyue said, "My temporary goal is to make those governors become geniuses and greatly increase their strength. Then, the advisors, trusted aides, and guards under each governor will all be disciples of our academy. They will all be geniuses, and they will assist them in governing the world. The second step is for those governors to become peerless geniuses." "This way, the world will be stable."

As Gu Chensha listened to these steps, he imagined the situation. The world was so beautiful, and with the current strength of the Celestial Pacification Department, it wouldn't be difficult to achieve this. After all, he had already obtained the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and the Dragon Creation Sutra.

"However, this isn't the main thing."

Lou Baiyue stared at Gu Chensha. "The most important thing is that the general situation doesn't collapse. Only then can we slowly operate from the bottom up. If the general situation collapses, all our operations will be for naught. We still need you to hold on to this. " "Indeed." Gu Chensha knew that he had a great responsibility.

The Fourth and Lou Baiyue were carrying out the deepest level of operations and reforms among the commoners and officials. If they were successful, the situation in the world would change again. With a strong force of fate and vow, they would be able to push the Common People's Wish Sphere to the peak. However, such operations and reforms required stability from the top.

If the Demon Disaster broke out and the God-level experts caused chaos in the world, it would be useless no matter how the lower levels operated. Gu Chensha had to delay the Demon Disaster. Simply put, he had to hold up the sky. He was tall, so he could hold up the sky even if it collapsed. Buzz …

Just as the big shots of the Celestial Tranquility Department were discussing, a figure suddenly appeared above the sphere. It was Jin Suibo. He spoke. "Heads, Mister Zhuge, I've already laid out the plan. I've grasped the Peerless Heavenly Scripture." "Good!

Our Celestial Tranquility Department has gained another treasure. "Zhuge Ya's face lit up." Your Highness, we'll have to rely on you again. " "No problem. We've already planned this."

Gu Chensha nodded. "The essence of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture is similar to the Buzhou Palace, the Three Realms Seal, the Little Muni Buddhist Pagoda, and the Little Thunderclap Ancient Temple. However, this scripture contains an enormous amount of treasures. It has been condensed by the Peerless Heavenly Sect for an unknown number of years. Now that we have obtained it, not only will we gain another transcendent artifact, but the enormous treasures within it will also enrich the treasury of our Celestial Tranquility Department."

The Peerless Heavenly Scripture was one of the 72 Mystical Gates of the Immortal Path. After it was destroyed by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor, many treasures entered the Peerless Heavenly Scripture. However, the Peerless Heavenly Scripture had left it for the Celestial Tranquility Department as a training ground.

Not only was the Peerless Heavenly Scripture extremely powerful, it also contained the Limitless Heavenly Sect's many years of accumulation. Who knew how many medicinal pills, flying swords, and treasures were stored inside.