Chapter 1056
============

Desperate Counterattack Long Xiangtian was at his wit's end, he came to consult Mr. None.

At that moment, Mr. None was in the void, he wasn't in the Arcane Kingdom. He seemed to be hesitating and afraid of something.

"Mr. None, now the Arcane Network of the Arcane Kingdom is leaning towards Gu Chensha, we seem to be at a disadvantage. We haven't done anything for the past few decades, what should we do?" Long Xiangtian was very uncomfortable, he felt that Mr. None was at his wit's end.

"I have to admit that Gu Chensha first roped in the elders of the Arcane Kingdom and helped them improve their strength. It was a good idea to start from the top. Then he enriched the Arcane Kingdom, formulated a series of policies, stabilized the hearts of the people, eliminated hidden dangers, and made everyone in the Arcane World accept this idea. The development is getting better and better, it's really amazing." Mr. None took a deep look at Long Xiangtian, "Why? Have you lost confidence? " "That's not it, I must kill Gu Chensha, I'll never be able to wash away the humiliation he gave me."

Long Xiangtian gritted his teeth, "But if Gu Chensha can control the top of the Arcane Senate, so can you. Why didn't you do it? Instead, you cultivated the noble Teddy Family?

The patriarch of the Teddy Family, Teddy Shakun, was really useless, he rebelled with the nobles ten years ago. As a result, his family was exterminated, and all the power we laid out disappeared. " "That's what you see on the surface."

Mr. None said, "The reason why I didn't control the Arcane Senate was because of a deeper reason. Those arcane elders themselves are the first heirs of the Arcane Network. They've awakened the power of their hearts, which means that they've mastered the Dragonless Heart Sutra. If I control them, it doesn't have anything to do with my overall situation. I want to change the system of the Arcane Network and make it part of the old world. Everyone depends on devouring, and the arcanists are treated as livestock.

I want to turn the Arcane Kingdom into a system where the old world is superior and the new world is the slave. That's how I'll be the most powerful, and the Arcane Network will be mine. Do you know that? " "I see, that's your plan?" Long Xiangtian completely understood. In Long Xiangtian's heart, a picture was drawn.

In the Arcane Kingdom, the nobles were high and mighty. Every noble kept arcanists as slaves. They made the arcanists do all kinds of things, such as cleaning, sanitation, manufacturing, and production. Some nobles tied up the arcanists, skinned them, barbecued them and ate them. All the enslaved arcanists were resigned to their fate. They thought that they were evil and sinful since they had awakened their soul power. They had to suffer and become slaves. What Mister Everlasting wanted to create was this atmosphere and the structure of the world.

He made a breakthrough in the Arcane Empire and subverted everyone's understanding. He let the entire multiverse and all the creatures in the human world know that once the power of the soul was awakened, it was the beginning of sin. They had to bear pain and torture, they were the most inferior existence and the abandoned child of the world.

If this ideology and worldview were to be spread, it could completely topple Gu Chensha's rule over the new world, allowing Mister No-No's power to be maximized. At the same time, Mister Wu Wu's trap could also trap Gu Chensha. But now, all of this was in vain.

"Now the consciousness of the entire universe is that once the power of the soul is awakened, it's the supreme glory. Everyone wants to awaken it. In this way, the consciousness of the multiverse is actually towards the new world, not towards us. Our power is weakening, to be precise, the power of the old world is weakening.

If we don't resist, we'll be peeled off step by step and completely lose the ability to resist. "At this time, Long Xiangtian also looked at the multiverse.

The idea of the new world seemed to be spreading like a plague. During the spread, there were countless people changing their ideas every moment.

However, in the multiverse of the human world, although the idea was subtle, it was far less clear than the idea of the Arcane Kingdom.

In the Arcane Kingdom, the status of the arcanists was supreme, with glory and respect. Countless ordinary people wanted to awaken the power of the soul and become arcanists. In other universes, there was no such solid rule and trend.

Finally, Long Xiangtian understood why Gu Chensha had painstakingly built the Arcane Kingdom, it was to set a benchmark for the multiverse. As the Arcane Kingdom became more and more powerful, all the universes would reflect on why, so they would learn the idea and advancement of the Arcane Kingdom.

Once there was a trend of learning the Arcane Kingdom in the multiverse, the power of the new world would be incomparably enhanced, and the imprint of the old world would gradually fade away. That made Mister No-No extremely dangerous.

"There's room for redemption in this matter, and Gu Chensha is digging a hole to bury himself."

Mister No-No said, "The counterattack of the old world isn't so easy to eliminate. The Teddy family that I supported was destroyed, but it was the brewing of a spark. My goal was never Teddy Sha Kun, but his grandson, Teddy Lin Yu.

The Teddy family was destroyed, but there were still many people who weren't killed, they were reduced to slaves.

Teddy Lin Yu was one of them, he had hatred for the extermination of the Arcane Kingdom. His parents died in the hands of the elders of the Arcane Kingdom. That hatred made him want to overthrow the Arcane Kingdom, and under my arrangement, the imprint of the will of the old world was gathered on him. You know, the original formation of the Arcane Kingdom had the shadow of the old world in it, the arcanists themselves also contained the things of the old world. The entire Arcane Continent, the Arcane Network, is a combination of the new and the old.

The imprint of the old world in the Arcane Network, after my brewing and arrangement, was all concentrated on Teddy Lin Yu.

His achievements are very great, he can subvert the Arcane Kingdom and rule it, he's the future emperor of the Arcane Kingdom.

You know, darkness and darkness are one, now Gu Chensha is getting stronger and stronger in the Arcane Kingdom, but in fact, he's also secretly increasing the power of the old world. "

"I feel that in this Arcane World, the original will of the Arcane Network, in fact, also favors Teddy Lin Yu, because the Arcane Network also knows that Gu Chensha is slowly transforming him, trying to get closer to the new world, but the Arcane Network itself is independent, he needs to develop independently, he doesn't need others to tell him what to do. Even this kind of telling him what to do is good for him, "Long Xiangtian understood.

"It seems that you're also likely to break through the realm."

Mr. None glanced at Long Xiangtian, "You're right, the Arcane Network is very independent, sooner or later, it's going to break with Gu Chensha. A universe, a world, they're all independent.

I feel that now the Arcane Network has begun to break, look at the slave Teddy Lin Yu, his strength is rising steadily.

And his cultivation method is extremely unique, he not only devours the origin of the world, but also uses his own spiritual power to create an illusion, that is to say, his own cultivation is also a combination of the old world and the new world. " As Mr. None spoke, he waved his hand, and suddenly an image appeared.

In this scene, in the depths of a mine, there were many slaves mining. These slaves were all in tattered clothes, and they were constantly being whipped by the construction workers as they mined.

Among them was a teenager, about seventeen or eighteen years old, he had a determined face, he followed the other slaves to get their meals after they finished their work. The meals were also very simple, they were just black and smelly steamed buns.

Originally, the environment of the Arcane Kingdom was very good, even in the prison, the conditions were not bad, but these were the lowest slaves, they had committed very serious crimes, the treatment there was a punishment for them.

"The Arcane Kingdom, those high and mighty arcanists, you killed my parents, destroyed my family, I, Teddy Lin Yu, swear that in my lifetime, I will definitely destroy you." A surge of power surged in the teenager's body.

There were two forces in the teenager's body, one came from his own spiritual power, the other came from the depths of the void of the outside universe, the power of the infinite dimensions.

In the past, Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian's Great God Slayer Skill could endlessly absorb the infinite power of the various dimensions of the universe, but now, the teenager's cultivation method was more magical than the Great God Slayer Skill, it could absorb almost anything, and the power he absorbed combined with his own spiritual power, it became a kind of almost omnipotent divine power.

"I'm Teddy Lin Yu, I will definitely destroy these arcanists, I will make all the arcanists my slaves."

Teddy Lin Yu secretly vowed, "And I know that behind these arcanists, there is a giant supporting them, that giant is the Lord of the new world, Gu Chensha. I won't let you go, no matter how powerful you are, I will make you kneel in front of me." Teddy Lin Yu was slowly lurking, preparing a plan. At this time, a dark shadow was also secretly observing Teddy Lin Yu.

"This is the future Son of the World?" The dark shadow was Meholi who had obtained the gourd of Fa Wuxian.

At this time, Meholi was wearing an arcane robe that still had thousands of stars, but his actual power had exceeded hundreds of thousands of stars, even reaching more than a million.

If it was the power of arcane magic, he was worthy of being the first in the entire Arcane Kingdom. None of the elders were his match. But he didn't show it, he was still hidden in the entire arcane magic system, as a tumor, slowly developing.

"Teddy Lin Yu's destiny is to be the Son of the World, if there's no accident, he will be the one to unify the entire Arcane Kingdom in the future, he's the entire world's arcane network, that is, the gathering of the destiny of the heavens. But this gathering is very secretive, if I hadn't obtained the gourd of Fa Wuxian, I wouldn't have noticed it at all. Maybe I can take advantage of this opportunity to completely destroy the brand of Fa Wuxian and successfully advance to the Immortal Realm." Meholi was planning.