Chapter 1128
============

There was no way around it. Zhuge Ya was a Lord of Seven Stars. If he broke through, he wouldn't be any weaker than Wen Hong. Now that he had broken through, the Lord of Seven Stars' boundless might was on full display.

He was like the most powerful person in the universe. As he patrolled the area, he was constantly surrounded by astral vortexes. These vortexes could absorb, absorb, and transform without limit. Now, because of his breakthrough, the power of the spell formation had increased yet again.

Are we really going to create a miracle today? "Chang Weiyang asked." Can we lead the spell formation and defeat the strong? Can we suppress Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li? "

Although Chang Weiyang's ambitions were higher than the heavens, she knew that she wasn't a match for any one of them.

Her latent talent was strong, but compared to Zhou Qin and the others, she couldn't compare. Unfortunately, this wasn't their time. If they were, they might actually be able to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Gu Chensha.

"That's impossible. We've borrowed the pressure from these six people to improve ourselves. It's already very good for us to be able to do this. It's basically impossible for us to suppress this group of people, because if these people are in a dangerous situation, their strength will also increase by a lot. The reason why they haven't broken through and improved themselves is because no matter what we do, it's impossible for us to pose a threat to them. Don't look at how they're losing time and time again against us. It's not like we've hurt their foundation. If we had hurt their foundation, they wouldn't be like this." Lou Baiyue was very clear-headed.

She'd already obtained what she wanted. She, Wen Hong, and Zhuge Ya had all reached a hundred billion lifespans. The team was much stronger than before. Even without Gu Chensha, they could still protect themselves.

Right now, all they had to do was remain calm. They couldn't allow themselves to be deluded into thinking that they could suppress Zhou Qin and the others. As long as they got what they wanted, it was enough.

Of course, now was far from the time to reap the rewards. At the very least, a few of them still needed to break through.

"These people still want to advance? Are they not treating us as humans?"

Fang Han was already furious. His strength was clearly above Lou Baiyue and the others, but he couldn't get rid of this group of people. It was like a person being buzzed by a swarm of flies and mosquitoes. His strength was much greater than the mosquitoes and flies, but the mosquitoes and flies just wouldn't die. This kind of state was really annoying, and his anger was getting bigger and bigger.

"Next, it's this woman's turn to advance."

Fang Han saw a woman's body undergoing some sort of transformation. Once she transformed, her strength would reach the same level as Lou Baiyue. "Really, everyone wants to reach our level. How can we tolerate that? However, this woman does have some strength, so she can become my slave. Eternal Era, Invincible, Take it for me! " Fang Han's palm shook, breaking through the layers of seals and arriving beside Chang Weiyang.

The woman he was observing was Chang Weiyang. In other words, other than Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, and Lou Baiyue, Chang Weiyang had the highest chance of advancing. Fang Han wasn't the only one who saw this scene. Zhou Qin and the others saw it too.

However, since Fang Han had made a move, the others wouldn't fight him over it. This was a strategy they had come up with after a brief discussion. They split up, blooming left and right.

"Not good." Chang Weiyang hadn't expected that Fang Han would actually arrive next to her.

At this moment, she didn't have any openings. Her body changed slightly, and a long river flowed around her, trying to defend against Fang Han's fist technique. However, Fang Han just laughed. "Girl, don't struggle. I'm not someone you can block.

Now, we've changed our strategy. We'll kill our way into your grand formation. No one can save you, so you'd better be my slave. "

Numerous tentacles appeared all over his body, which spun and spun rapidly, piercing through the layers of the universe. It was as if they could instantly absorb the multiverse.

This was Fang Han's strongest godly art. He could devour all living things, and create good fortune. He could directly absorb Chang Weiyang, transform her, and then break the grand formation. This was Fang Han's plan. He would attack one by one, and Zhou Qin and the others would do the same.

Chang Weiyang looked at Fang Han, who was approaching her. He seemed to have turned into a huge suction cup, sucking all of her power into it. Her own will seemed to be affected, wanting to become a part of him, truly obeying his orders.

'This is a boundless godly art. Devouring and transforming. It's extremely powerful. Back in the day, Fa Wuxian was the Ancestor Devourer, and used this dao of devouring to cultivate to the Invincible Deathless level.'

Chang Weiyang's mind raced. 'But Fa Wuxian's dao of devouring isn't even worth mentioning in front of Fang Han. It can't even be considered child's play.

I'm in a situation of certain death, but because of that, it's a good time for me to be reborn. I'll use this opportunity to ascend. '

In that instant, Chang Weiyang seemed to be unable to resist Fang Han's devouring and transformation. Her body was swallowed up into a piece of skin, but then, a new existence was born from that piece of skin.

"This is?" Fang Han seemed to be stunned. Because he saw an unbelievable scene.

"The long night never ends. Cut off all ignorance and seek the right path. Where the path is, my heart nurtures. Millions of great daos, condense into endless. Come out …"

Sure enough, Chang Weiyang encountered Fang Han's fist technique in the middle of the battle, and almost died. However, as she continued to gain enlightenment, trillions of great daos appeared above her head, forming into countless rivers. The rivers of great daos combined together to form a cosmic river. In other words, Chang Weiyang was on the verge of a breakthrough.

On her virtual panel, her lifespan jumped rapidly to more than a hundred billion years. Then, the formation began to condense thousands of times.

"Chang Weiyang really didn't let me down. She's ascended again. Next is the Martial Sage." Lou Baiyue looked over at the same time. At this time, it was Yang Qi who was fighting the Martial Sage.

The Martial Sage was the strongest Sage in the past. Later, he joined forces with Gu Chensha and went through many dangerous situations. His accumulation was no less than Zhuge Ya and Wen Hong. He even stepped into the Invincible Immortal Realm and controlled the Taiwu Cosmos back then. Now, under Yang Qi's suppression, he was advancing faster than Chang Weiyang. Rumble!

Above the Martial Sage's head, a huge martial talisman appeared again. However, this talisman was different from the previous one. This time, there were living beings in the talisman. Then, there were many branches above their heads, like trees. This was the Evolution Tree. Living beings cultivated the martial path and began to evolve according to the principles of different martial arts. Then, the Martial Sage's martial talisman turned into a tree. This was the true Evolution Tree. The martial path was the method by which all living beings evolved.

The Tree of Evolution condensed by the Martial Saint had set a rule for all the methods and main branches of evolution of living beings. No cultivation realm could escape the scope of the Tree of Evolution. Once the Evolution Tree was formed, even Yang Qi's fist technique couldn't attack it.

"Alright, let's do our best to close the defensive line."

Lou Baiyue looked at Chang Weiyang. The Martial Sage had actually ascended to the realm of a hundred billion years. Now, there were experts with a lifespan of five hundred billion in this group.

"Everyone, today's battle ends here. Thank you for your training."

Lou Baiyue let out a long roar. The formation began to close, and then everyone gathered toward the center of the formation. The entire formation turned into a small dot in an instant and then disappeared.

"Come back." Zhou Qin grabbed, as if he wanted to grab these people back. Unfortunately, he was a step too late and couldn't keep these people.

"The multiverse is only so big. Even if we have to destroy the entire multiverse, we have to find these damned cockroaches." Hong Yi was also extremely angry and wanted to use some kind of method.

To other living beings, even experts in the Heavenly Dao Realm, the multiverse was extremely vast. Any expert in the Heavenly Dao Realm would feel that it was impossible to explore the multiverse. Even if they spent their entire lives, they might not even be able to see one ten-thousandth of it clearly. Even those who first entered the Supreme Immortal Realm couldn't explore the entire multiverse.

However, this situation didn't exist in front of Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang. This was because these six people were too powerful. With just a slight thought, their power could spread to every corner of the entire multiverse. However, if some extremely powerful existences deliberately hid, it would be very difficult to find them.

To make an analogy, the multiverse was like a house. These six powerful existences were the people in the house, and Lou Baiyue and the others were the fleas in the house.

The house didn't look big, but it was very difficult to find the fleas in it. They had to search carefully.

Of course, as long as the six of them made up their minds and used some extreme means, such as destroying the multiverse and turning it into nothingness, they would definitely be able to find Lou Baiyue and the others. However, if they did that, Gu Dusha would definitely be drawn out to suppress them.

Even if Gu Chensha didn't suppress them, in the process of destroying the multiverse, they would definitely accelerate the evolution of some heroes. Who knew, there might even be existences who were on equal footing with them.

"We can't destroy the multiverse," Jiang Li said.

Jiang Li said, "Of course. These hateful fleas and rats must be exterminated. Only then can the hatred in my heart be appeased." "They are indeed detestable, but we can tell from this battle that our flaws are still very big."

Zhou Qin said, "In the past, we were too strong, resulting in no one being able to threaten us. Now, it seems like we have to change." Remember the mobile version of the website: M.