Chapter 790
===========

The Great Spirit God hadn't been able to last more than a few rounds against Gu Chensha. From that, it was possible to see how ferocious Gu Chensha was.

Originally, he hadn't been so powerful. But after cultivating in the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate for several months, he had gained enlightenment of its secrets and created trillions of heaven-mending people.

After several months, Gu Chensha had thoroughly refined his cultivation base. He had already explored half of the principles of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate.

With that as a foundation, he had been able to gain enlightenment of the secrets of the Endless 36 Treasures, the foundation of the Celestial World, the Celestial Gate, and the Emperor Of Heaven Throne. This realm was already the highest limit of cultivation.

Compared to the Emperor Of Heaven Throne, the true god throne was like comparing a county magistrate to an emperor's throne.

What Gu Chensha had conjured was not the real Throne of Heaven. This throne had not truly appeared in the world because, from ancient times until now, the Endless 36 Treasures had never appeared. Although the Endless 36 Treasures existed in the legends, no one had ever seen one of them.

Many of the old-timers didn't know that the Endless 36 Treasures could open the Celestial Gate, and that the Emperor Of Heaven Throne could be found in the depths of the Celestial Gate.

The Emperor Of Heaven Throne was the most powerful treasure, far above the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, the Grandmist Tree, and the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate.

Whoever obtained the Emperor Of Heaven Throne would be the true Emperor Of Heaven. In front of the Emperor Of Heaven Throne, the Son of Heaven would be nothing more than a vassal.

Gu Chensha used his understanding of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures to comprehend its profundities and finally condensed the Gate to the Heaven Realm. The Celestial Emperor's Throne appeared in the depths. Although it was not the real Celestial Emperor's Throne, it already contained a lot of Celestial Emperor's essence.

Using the quintessence of the Emperor Of Heaven Throne to suppress the Great Spirit God, no matter how crafty the Great Spirit God was, and no matter how many resources he had, it was all for naught. In the face of absolute power, all schemes and plots were useless. What kind of person was Gu Chensha? The knowledge he grasped was astonishing. He had practically reached a state of omniscience.

He had forced the Great Spirit God to make a move, not through a hidden scheme, but an open one. In other words, even if the Great Spirit God did not make a move, he would only be waiting for death. If he made a move, he would fall into the Great Spirit God's trap and be suppressed. From the moment he entered the Prehistoric Dragon Gate, the Great Spirit God had already lost.

"Giant Spirit Transformation, an innate ability!"

At this time, no matter how strong the Great Spirit God was, he could sense great danger. He knew that Gu Chensha had the ability to kill him, and in terms of scheming, Gu Chensha was not inferior to him at all.

However, all of his schemes were conspiracies, while Gu Chensha's schemes were upright and aboveboard, using the absolute righteous path's overt schemes. Therefore, Gu Chensha was the perfect counter to him.

The Great Spirit God's forte was not fighting, nor was it management, but scheming. He seemed to have reached the pinnacle of scheming. From the Primeval Age until now, who knew how many old-timers, true gods, sages, immortals, and demons had died because of his schemes.

But now that he had met Gu Chensha, he felt that something was amiss. His hands and feet were tied, and he could not use them. At this time, Gu Chensha had actually forced him to use his innate ability.

In the blink of an eye, his body expanded infinitely. The so-called Titan Spirit was enormous, and it was boundless. The spirit was the crystallization of intelligence. Giant and spiritual. That was what a giant spirit was.

The Great Spirit God's current state was equivalent to the primal chaos explosion of the beginning of heaven and earth.

The Great Spirit God's Giant Spirit Dao started from a small dot, then expanded abruptly, becoming a huge, boundless world. Then, this world would give birth to the most abundant spiritual nature. The Giant Spirit Dao was the primal chaos explosion Dao.

The primal chaos explosion Dao was the transformation from small to large, giving birth to the spiritual nature of all living things.

This was the true trump card of the Great Spirit God. It was his own Dao, his own magic, his own arts, and his own martial arts! Kill!

The Mighty Miracle God actually broke free from Gu Chensha's suppression just like that. He began to counterattack and attacked Gu Chensha. He stepped on the boundless primal chaos. In the primal chaos, corpses piled up, and a general's success was built on the bones of tens of thousands. Primal-Chaos. Corpses.

Standing on it, the Giant Miracle God pointed at the sky and stomped on the ground. With absolute momentum and killing moves, he attacked Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha sat on the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven, his face expressionless. No matter how the Great Spirit God attacked, he didn't budge. Instead, he stretched out his hand, clenched it into a fist, and pushed it down. Rumble!

Everything that the Mighty Miracle God had turned into an illusion. His Mighty Miracle Dao had actually dissipated into thin air. All of his Dharma Idols had dissipated. It was as though a sudden clap of thunder had swept through the world, clearing away all the demonic aura in the world.

"Ah!"

The Great Spirit God let out a shrill roar. In the midst of the battle, he suddenly disappeared without a trace. He had used all of his methods, but he was helpless against Gu Chensha. He was still at a disadvantage, so he could only escape first before coming up with a countermeasure.

"Gu Chensha, if I hadn't completely merged with the Primordial Heart Devil and the Voodoo Ancestor, would I have allowed you to act so viciously here today?" the Great Spirit God said. "But next time, you won't be so lucky."

"There's no need to wait any longer. Your failure this time means that you can no longer survive in the Untainted Dragon Sect. The tide has turned, and the Untainted Dragon Sect will soon be saved by me.

If you're smart, you should leave immediately. That way, you can still preserve a bit of your foundation. If you're stubborn, you'll die without a burial. "

Gu Chensha clasped his hands together and instantly, the sacrificial power spread out again. His world power also started to calm down the violent dragon qi in the depths of the Dragon Gate. Wu wu wu …

The cries of ghosts and howls of gods resounded in the depths of the dragon gate. Gu Chensha knew that he had started to trigger the true sin.

This was the most critical moment. Elsewhere, countless demonic shadows flickered. These demonic shadows were completely different from the demons in the Demon Realm. Instead, they were the deepest and most primitive of sins and karma, sins and retribution.

"Good stuff." Gu Chensha's sin, karma, karma, karma, retribution. It was simply the rarest elixir. He impatiently inhaled. Buzz buzz buzz …

Immediately, the Divine Land Gourd flew above his head and aimed at the sins in the depths of the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Desolate Lands. A pitch-black rainbow was immediately absorbed by the Divine Land Gourd. Xing Qiongshi's expression was filled with fear, "Gu Chensha, what are you trying to do? Are you trying to kill me? If I am tainted by this sin, I will be consigned to eternal damnation. "

"Therefore, Xingqiongshi, you haven't gained enlightenment of my quintessence. To me, the karmic karmic retribution is a great tonic. To the Divine Prefecture, it's also a great tonic. All of the sins, sins, karmic karmic retribution of all living beings will be shouldered by me. My wish is that in the future, there will be no more karmic karmic karmic retribution. From now on, there will be no demons in this world. All demons will belong to me. All the evil has been added to my body. " Gu Chensha's voice became louder and louder.

This voice gathered into a surging current that repeatedly washed away the sins in the depths of the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Desolate Lands.

As expected, as he swore, the sins seemed to be like sharks that smelled blood. They swarmed over and gathered towards him. Gu Chensha used the Divine Land Gourd to absorb the sins while also absorbing the sins. He was using himself to purify the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Desolate Lands.

As countless sins surged into the Divine Land Gourd, Xing Qiongshi could no longer make a sound. He was like a drowning person that had sunk to the bottom and could no longer call for help.

"Xing Qiongshi, give up on your own dao and stimulate your own sacrifice, abandonment, and saving dao. Only then can you truly refine the sins and use them for yourself. If you don't give up on the will to devour everything, you will be affected by the sins and your will will completely dissipate." Gu Chensha guided Xing Qiongshi.

He did not have any intention of killing Xing Qiongshi. He hoped to change Xing Qiongshi's way of thinking and make him accept the ideals of the Calming Immortal Department. Just like Longevity God, Longevity God was originally against the Calming Immortal Department, but now he completely accepted the ideals of the Calming Immortal Department. He wholeheartedly worked for the Calming Immortal Department and sacrificed himself every day. Such a spirit was called being of one heart and one mind. The final thing Gu Chensha wanted to do was to make all living beings of one heart and one mind.

Xing Qiongshi was also one of the living beings, and he stood at the pinnacle of all living beings. If he could be of one mind with the Celestial Placid Department, then that would be a massive boon.

Even though a Xing Qiong Clan member's sincere sacrifice wouldn't be able to resurrect a Sage, it wouldn't be too far off.

In particular, many of the Primordial Heavenly Sons had not been able to reform the Xing Qiong Clan, but if Gu Chensha could do it, then his reputation and achievements would far surpass all of the Primordial Heavenly Sons.

When this kind of reputation spread throughout the Ming Dynasty, it was an enormous resource. It made the prestige even stronger, and the order of the court even tighter.

At this moment, Xing Qiong Shi had already fallen completely silent. It was as if she was resisting her sins, or perhaps she was considering whether or not she should give up on her own dao and convert to the dao of Gu Chensha and Celestial Jing.

Gu Chensha didn't care about him. He knew that Xing Qiongshi wouldn't die so easily, so he didn't care about him. In any case, Xing Qiongshi wouldn't give up on his dao until the very last moment. It wasn't that easy to change the Xing Qiong Clan.

He started to circulate the Heaven and Earth by himself, absorbing all the sins and karmic retribution into his Saint Heart of Truth. He wanted to perfect this Saint Heart of Truth.

His Divine Dao was the Dao of Mending the Heavens, the Dao of Reforming the Heavens. Now, he even had a great heart that was willing to bear all sins and karmic retribution for all living beings.

This was not a false wish. Instead, he was truly doing it, bearing the sins of the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon Sect.

After that, the various mental cultivation techniques of the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon Sect spread out, making everyone in the world a Sage. The Way of the Sacred Dragon had become the norm.

Such a heaven-defying act would result in a great deal of sin, but Gu Chensha was willing to bear it.

Countless sins and karmic retribution were incorporated into Gu Chensha's Saint Heart of Truth. With the intention of mending the heavens, he carried out the task of reforming the heavens and accommodated the karmic retribution of all living things. This Saint Heart was probably the most powerful Saint Heart in history. This Sage Dao was close to eternity, imperishable, indestructible, and undying. ..... appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy)