Chapter 753
===========

"As expected, the seal here hasn't been removed. I can use this jade mountain. As for Xing Qiongshi's head, it is far from 1% of its original strength. I can suppress just one head." Gu Chensha's body moved once more and he sunk to the bottom of the ocean. At the bottom of the ocean, the jade mountain was still there. The seal wasn't removed. At this moment, Gu Chensha was many times stronger than when he released Xing Qiongshi.

When he released Xing Qiongshi, his cultivation was only at the Dao Realm 18 Transformation Golden Core. He didn't even have any spiritual power.

Now, he was at the 29 Transformation Comprehending Chaos and had cultivated the Heaven Path Technique.

Moreover, he had interacted with Xing Qiongshi many times in the real world and knew his background. He was confident in suppressing Xing Qiongshi with only one head left. This time, he was really direct.

"Son of Heaven Seal God, turn jade into a human!" He used the Son of Heaven Seal God Seal Technique Jade Talisman on the jade mountain.

Instantly, the jade mountain started to collapse. Giant jade stones flew up and under his spiritual power, they turned into many Common People's Generals.

The jade mountain that sealed Xing Qiongshi's head was the best crafting material in the world. Gu Chensha's Common People's Generals also merged some into it. But unfortunately, Wu Dangkong obtained it.

"Once I find a chance, I will see what the Wu Dangkong of this world is doing."

Gu Chensha didn't care much. If he refined the entire jade mountain, the Common People's Generals would be much stronger and would have more transformations.

He wanted to create more Common People's Generals to sweep the world. Now, the Common People's Generals were independent existences, which meant that they were living beings and not puppets.

If he created hundreds of thousands or even millions of Common People's Generals, he would be able to control the God Continent and build up his ideology. With that, Gu Chensha would be able to break through once more in this dream world.

The jade mountain collapsed really quickly. In an instant, large patches of it broke down and wriggled in the ocean. Chaotic energy wrapped around their bodies and turned into Common People's Generals. Just like that, thousands more Great Generals of the Common People were born.

The Great Commanders of Common People who were born surrounded the sea and sat down cross-legged, chanting scriptures. These scriptures were not the "Great People's Salvation Scripture" that Gu Chensha had comprehended, but the "Heaven Mending Scripture" that he had extracted from it.

This scripture was to refine the true meaning of mending the heavens in people's hearts, increasing his fate and strength.

The Commander of Common People had now become a true living being. If he was a puppet, he wouldn't be able to produce the power of the Soul Sacrifice. But now, the power of their sacrifice was huge.

In an instant, the entire jade mountain was refined. Close to 10,000 Common People's Generals formed their bodies.

At this point, Gu Chensha saw that in the moment that the jade mountain collapsed, there was a deep hole in the depths of the mountain, where the murderous aura lay dormant, and did not emerge.

"Hmm? Xing Qiong Clan.

You've been sealed for ten thousand years. Now that you've broken free, you're actually able to restrain yourself from coming out? I didn't expect this at all. "

Gu Chensha looked at the 10,000 Common People's Generals that were refined by the jade mountain, "You probably sensed something? Why don't you come out and meet an old friend? " "Old friend?" A head popped out from the pitch-black Ocean Eye Skeleton Head.

The shrunken head was none other than Xing Qiongshi. He stared at Gu Chensha, and then at the Commander-In-Chief of All People in the sky. "You were actually able to create living beings with independent fates, not puppets. Your magical power!

It isn't the True Dragon Technique, but it is much better than the True Dragon Technique. Moreover, you also know the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique. But now the Son of Heaven is Wen Hong, what is going on? I don't know you, so how are we old friends? " The reason why Xing Qiong Clan didn't act rashly was because he saw how amazing Gu Chensha was.

His foresight was really good, much better than Wen Hong's, so naturally, he didn't dare to act rashly.

"Whether or not we are old friends, just look at my move and you will know." Gu Chensha suddenly punched. RUMBLE!

In between his punches, a vast divine continent appeared in front of him, layer after layer stacked together. It was actually a ninety-nine-layered divine continent. Above the ninety-nine-layered divine continent, there was a layer of divine continent that hadn't fully manifested yet.

If the highest layer of the divine continent was fully manifested, then Gu Chensha would have mastered the hundredth level of the Divine Continent Grand Magic.

"Divine Continent Grand Magic!"

This time, Xing Qiong Clan's head was truly shocked. Facing Gu Chensha's Divine Continent Grand Magic, he opened his mouth and spat out layers of divine continent scrolls. However, his Divine Continent Grand Magic was clearly only ninety-nine levels, not as good as Gu Chensha's.

In an instant, the two of them used the Divine Continent Grand Magic and clashed together. Xing Qiong Clan's head retreated repeatedly, actually collapsing from a single blow.

"Why?

You actually know the Divine Continent Grand Magic too? This was created by me, and you're even more exquisite than me? "

Even though Xing Qiong Clan was the number one fiend of the ancient divine continent, he still found this situation unbelievable.

"I told you that I am an old friend of yours."

Gu Chensha waved his hand, "Moreover, I have already deduced the true secrets of the Divine Continent Grand Magic's hundredth level. If you listen to me, you will be able to cultivate to the realm you dream of. How about that? " "Who are you? I am really curious. "Xing Qiong Clan asked once more. He even forgot to leave this place and search for other bodies. His body was split into six parts: the head, the limbs, and the torso.

Once he found all the bodies, he would heal himself and recover his strength. Right now, his strength was extremely strong for Gods and Saints, but to Gu Chensha, this head's strength was far from that of a Sky Sovereign's.

Although Gu Chensha didn't have a medium-sized world, he had made preparations. He refined many common people generals to form a formation that was enough to suppress Xing Qiong Clan's head.

"You will naturally know who I am in the future. However, I need you to cooperate with something. I will help you cultivate the Divine Continent Grand Magic's hundredth level, but you have to become my treasure. Apart from that, you left many treasures and they all belong to me." Gu Chensha said.

"You are too ambitious." Killing intent appeared in Xing Qiong Clan's mind. He knew that things weren't going to be easy. Naturally, Gu Chensha wouldn't tell Xing Qiong Clan the truth. Wen Hong was Wen Hong, Xing Qiong Clan's Xing Qiong Clan. Today, he didn't come here to save Xing Qiong Clan but to refine him into his treasure.

In the real world, he refined Gouchen and created the Common People's King. Now, he was going to refine Xing Qiong Clan and create an even stronger common people emperor.

He didn't have a medium-sized world, but if he could refine Xing Qiong Clan, he would be able to control the world.

"Rip!" Xing Qiong Clan's head moved and was about to rip open layers of space to break free.

But at that moment, Gu Chensha's body spread out, and the space around him condensed. Countless Generals of the common people started chanting incantations, and instantly, the space around them became even tighter. Xing Qiongshi's head seemed to be sealed by some mysterious power, and it couldn't escape.

"Die!"

Seeing this, Xing Qiong Clan flipped its head and opened its mouth. A whirlpool appeared and it actually wanted to swallow Gu Chensha into its stomach.

"Divine Continent Grand Magic, Common People Revolution!"

Gu Chensha's body turned into layers of Divine Continent states, 99 states and one incomplete state. The Divine Continent Grand Magic's essence was able to counter Xing Qiong Clan.

"The hundred states of the human world, the hundred states of the Divine Continent. This is why the Divine Continent Grand Magic is split into 100 levels and represents the hundred states of the human world."

Gu Chensha's voice spread out, "However, to comprehend the hundred states of the human world and the changes of heaven and earth is extremely difficult. You don't have a merciful heart, a sacrificial heart, a kind heart, a righteous heart, so you won't be able to form the 100 levels." Buzz …

Gu Chensha circulated the Divine Continent Grand Magic to the extreme and truly unleashed his will, merciful heart, sacrificial heart, kind heart, righteous heart, heroic spirit … etc.

A wave of power from the Divine Continent flowed into his body, allowing him to borrow the power of the Divine Continent.

The 100 levels of the Divine Continent Grand Magic were no small matter. Back when Xing Qiong Clan had been preparing to use this dao, he had almost destroyed a Minor Thousand World with a single punch. If it wasn't for the restrictive techniques left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, Xing Qiong Clan's power would have reached its peak.

Now, Gu Chensha had truly comprehended the 100 levels of the Divine Continent Grand Magic's power. Even though he could not become one with the Divine Continent, he could still borrow the power of the Divine Continent.

This was his trump card, and he had not used it yet. In fact, it was one of his methods to counter the Sun Moon Lord Gu Chensha.

Using it now was training himself so that when he returned to the real world, he could truly become one with the Divine Continent. The Divine Continent was him, and he was the Divine Continent. He borrowed the power of the Divine Continent.

A scroll appeared in front of Gu Chensha, and the true Divine Continent's power completely wrapped around Xing Qiong Clan's head and started to seep into it.

"No!"

Xing Qiong Clan's head roared, shaking the heavens and earth, "Why is your Divine Continent Grand Magic so much more powerful than mine? I'm the creator of the Divine Continent Grand Magic, and I haven't even cultivated to the level where I can draw on the Divine Continent's power." "As such, I'm helping you comprehend it, but I'm going to temporarily seal you up."

Gu Chensha said, "You don't need to panic too much; I'll make you kill the three Heavenly Sovereigns sooner or later. Can't you endure even this?" "Kill the three Heavenly Sovereigns?"

Xing Qiong Clan's head seemed to know that it could not resist Gu Chensha, so it withdrew its power and started to calculate and think. It was very difficult for Gu Chensha to completely refine this head.