Chapter 726
===========

"His Excellency The Great Spirit God has recently achieved great success in his divine arts and cultivated to a supreme realm. Even primordial antiques are no match for his Excellency. His Excellency is preparing to overthrow the Celestial Pacification Department. For the past ten thousand years, Xian Province has been his Excellency's land of faith.

Every inch of Xian Province has His Excellency The Great Spirit God's imprint. How long has the Celestial Pacification Department and the Yongchō Department have occupied it? Thirty-three years. They want to rely on this kind of operation to erase ten thousand years of accumulation? That's simply wishful thinking, isn't it? "

The Tan Clan Head seemed to have been brainwashed by The Great Spirit God. The fate of the clan was linked to The Great Spirit God. They were bound together for good or ill.

"His Excellency The Great Spirit God told us not to act rashly. At the same time, we should contact the other clans and cooperate with the Celestial Designer Department. With their protection, the Celestial Pacification Department won't be able to trace anything back to us. Moreover, we have to be extremely careful and not leave any traces. "

One of the clan elders said with pity, "Clan Head, although that's the case, our Tan Clan is developing very quickly. Right now, there are hundreds of thousands of our descendants, and each one is an elite. If we can brazenly worship His Excellency The Great Spirit God, we will receive great rewards.

What I'm afraid of now is that many of our descendants also cultivate the Human-Dragon Fist. I'm afraid that they will gradually be brainwashed and develop a favorable impression of the Celestial Pacification Department. To tell the truth, the Human-Dragon Fist has the power to seize the fortune of heaven and earth. If our descendants don't cultivate it, we will be left far behind by the other clans. But if everyone cultivates this fist, our descendants will subconsciously acknowledge the Celestial Pacification Department's Human-Dragon Dao. At that time, our clan will instead become the Celestial Pacification Department's vassals.

Another clan elder said, "Moreover, I can't forbid our descendants from learning the Human-Dragon Fist because the government will find out and come knocking. I'm afraid that His Excellency The Great Spirit God's worship will be exposed."

"Why don't we negotiate with the Celestial Designer Department and get a batch of genetic evolution potions?

Let's get the clan's disciples to inject it. This way, not only will their strength increase greatly, but it can also resolve the problem of being brainwashed by the Human Dragon Fist. "Another Doyen thought of an idea.

"That's inappropriate."

A young man immediately objected. "Most of the disciples in the clan thirst for cultivation, not for a moment of pleasure. If we do that, then the disciples of the clan will immediately rebel. If things get out of hand, and the Calming Immortal Department investigates, then we will be exposed." "That's a problem."

The Tan Clan's Clan Head said, "The management of the clan is also an important matter. Our Tan Clan's hundreds of thousands of disciples must slowly unify their thoughts. There must not be any loopholes."

"I'm afraid it'll be a little difficult. Many disciples have accepted the imperial court and the Calming Immortal Department's new way of thinking. They don't think much of the clan. In the past, the clan elders had the authority to kill the disciples of the clan, and there was basically no need for them to go through the government. But now, even if the clan leader wants to kill or punish the lowest-ranking disciple of the clan, he would have to be judged by the government. If there's no crime, there's no way to punish the disciple. If the clan abuses the punishment, once it's discovered, it will be investigated immediately," a young disciple said.

"The clan is not a clan, and the country is not a country. The Calming Immortal Department and the imperial court have completely destroyed the rules that have been in place for ten thousand years. This is simply a collapse of etiquette. Such an imperial court, such a country, there's no need for it to continue existing!" Killing intent appeared on the Tan Clan's Clan Head's face. Originally, in the past, the clan was an important link.

For example, a great clan was equivalent to a small independent kingdom. The clan elders had the authority to kill the disciples, servants, maids, and so on. Usually, the clan's rules were equivalent to the law. For example, if a disciple violated the clan's rules, the clan elders would directly execute the disciple. The government wouldn't turn a blind eye either. This was an unspoken rule.

Even small aristocratic clans were like this, let alone those major aristocratic clans or millennium-old clans.

For example, the Legalism Clan, Wu Clan, Lei Clan, and other Sage and True God clans. They even had their own minor chiliocosms. The old ancestors of these clans were all Deity realm experts. They basically wouldn't allow the imperial court to criticize their clans.

Even now, the imperial court's influence hadn't penetrated into the minor chiliocosms of those millennium-old clans. Gu Chensha was currently working hard to achieve this. Abolish the clan rules, unify the country's laws, stop lynching, and strengthen the rule.

This was also what the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor wanted to do. If not, with the rules of the various aristocratic clans, the entire imperial court would be torn apart. Any aristocratic clan would be an independent vassal state if they closed their doors.

In fact, Gu Chensha had long seen through this point. However, he didn't use violent methods to do this. Instead, he subtly influenced the world, strengthening education. When the younger generations woke up, they would naturally not be bound by the clan rules and would become free people.

And those old things, those old and stale thoughts, would crumble and disintegrate in the face of the new ideas, eventually sweeping them away. This was both mending the heavens and reforming the heavens. Sometimes, in order to mend things, one had to innovate. As for innovation, it was to better mend the world.

This was why the Common People Heaven Mending Technique and the Common People Heaven Reforming Technique were exactly the same.

"Hahaha." Just as the Tan Family members were discussing in the spacious secret room, a burst of laughter rang out. "Your Tan Family is really bold to start discussing about overthrowing the imperial court. This is like an ant trying to shake a tree. You are overestimating your own strength." "Who!"

When the Tan Family Head heard this voice, his entire body shuddered. His blood was about to explode. He knew that once this matter was exposed, his entire clan would be wiped out. Don't look at how the Calming Celestial Department was giving benevolence to the world. But when they activated their methods, they were like lightning, sweeping away the demonic aura.

A ball of light appeared in his palm and exploded. Spiritual energy condensed into many physical forms that swam about. They were actually densely packed yellow turban warriors the size of mosquitoes.

These warriors searched through the air but to no avail. They couldn't find where the person was at all.

"Okay, stop wasting your energy. Your cultivation is just at Dao Realm Transformation 20 and you want to rebel. That is just so childish." A guy appeared out of nowhere.

He was tall and had the aura of an Emperor. However, he didn't have the bloodline of the Central Plains God Continent. He gave off the aura of the Demon Region. He wasn't from the Demon Race, but he lived in the Demon Region for a long time. Emperor Demon Race. People from the Maha Family.

"Dao Realm Transformation 27, Two Worlds Seamless Realm!"

When he saw the spiritual energy fluctuations, the Tan Family Head retracted it. In front of such a person, he knew that it was just so childish to show off his strength.

"You don't have to be nervous. I am Maha Family's Maha Chengfeng. My big brother, Maha Linfeng, is the fiancé of Celestial Designer Gu Huansha.

I am also from the dynasty. All of you are so afraid of Calming Xian Division, but aren't you afraid of my Celestial Designer Division? "

Maha Chengfeng held his arms behind his back and just floated in the air. A playful smile appeared on his face, "That year, Jing Qiu was at Dao Realm Transformation 25 and he had many strong people supporting him. At that time, Calming Xian Division hadn't formed a small-sized world and they were really weak. They didn't even have a single God Realm, but they still defeated Jing Qiu and exiled Jing Qiu to the depths of the desert, unable to return to the God Continent. Now that Calming Xian Division is so strong and your Tan Family is so weak, how can you rebel? " When Calming Xian Division defeated Jing Qiu, their overall strength was really weak.

They didn't have a single God Realm and they didn't even form a small-sized world, much less a medium-sized one.

Compared to now, Calming Xian Division was so pitiful. Their overall strength was thousands of times weaker.

The current Tan Family was even weaker than the Jing Family. The Tan Family Head was far weaker than Jing Qiu, but he actually plotted to rebel. Maha Chengfeng couldn't help but find this funny.

"Lord Maha Chengfeng, you didn't come here to capture my Tan Clan, right? My Tan Clan and the Heavenly Craft Institute are partners, and we also have Lord Mighty Spiritual God's protection. Other than that …" The Tan Clan's head probed.

"Apart from that, your Tan Family also contacted the Hua Family, Bei Family, Ning Family, Qiao Family, Ding Family, Bao Family, and dozens of other families that worshipped The Great Spirit God in Xian Prefecture. You are waiting for The Great Spirit God's decree, right?" Maha Chengfeng seemed to have seen through everything.

"This …" The Tan Family Head panicked.

"Calming Xian Division should know what our Celestial Designer Division knows.

If it wasn't for our Celestial Designer Division's secret protection, your families would've been exterminated long ago. To tell you the truth, The Great Spirit God has already reached some sort of agreement with our Immortal Master. He wants us to help his believers in secret. "

Maha Chengfeng said, "However, I see that you want to make some big moves in the near future, so I'm warning you. Gu Chensha and the Martial Saint have already arrived in Xian Prefecture and are traveling around. If they find out that you've done anything, even the Celestial Designer Division won't be able to save you. Do you understand?" "What? Gu Chensha and the Martial Saint? "The Tan Family's upper echelon were stunned.

"The Martial Saint has been resurrected, and he has completely submitted to the Calming Xian Division. Next, the entire Wu Family will fall to the Calming Xian Division."

Maha Chengfeng said, "Now that the Calming Immortal Department has obtained the Wu Clan's loyalty, many of the neutral millennial clans will change their minds. In this way, the Calming Immortal Department will really sweep through the world. At that time, the Imperial Court will lose its balance, and your small clans will be nothing more than chickens and dogs that will be instantly annihilated."

If a family under the Great Yongchō had an expert at the Dao Realm Golden Core Realm, that would ensure that the family would prosper for 1,000 years. That family would become a rich family.

However, even though they were rich, they were far from those Saint Families that had existed for thousands of years. Saint Families weren't much in front of the Calming Xian Division, much less these families.

"Sir, what should we do now?"

The Tan Family Head lowered his head sincerely. He knew that this was a good chance to join the Celestial Designer Division. = = The free phone reader is online! Over a million free reads, smart bookshelf management, and what you like will never be lost! We are working hard to create a better reading experience. Follow our WeChat account. (Press and hold for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader.