Chapter 622
===========

"The Dharma Saint has another plan."

Wan Senshi was very clear about this. "In fact, his strength has long been restored, but he has been hiding, biding his time and plotting something in the dark.

I can't easily kill him now, and if he fights back, he can also cause harm to us. So, it doesn't seem appropriate to kill him now. " "Then tell me, after he has created a medium-class world, how are you going to kill him?

He has joined your Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, but when that time comes, he will also become a behemoth. Wouldn't that ruin your plan? "

The Immortal Master said, "The school of Legalism is the head of all the aristocratic families under the heaven. By cooperating with you, it seems like they have become your subordinates, but in fact, they have secretly banded together and follow the lead of the Dharma Saint.

My daughter wants to control the world, and if the Dharma Saint is not eliminated, it will be difficult to continue.

In the future, if you want to hold the world-saving ritual, you must rely on Wu Dangkong's Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, and now that Wu Dangkong has joined hands with the Dharma Saint, in my opinion, to resist foreign aggression, you must first stabilize the internal situation. Your Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals is loose, which can easily be infiltrated by the Department of Calming Immortals. So, you might as well kill the Dharma Saint to establish your power, and then unify the universe, completely merging all the aristocratic families and the profound immortal sects, as well as their small worlds. In this way, you might even be able to create another medium-class world. " "That's a good plan."

Wan Senshi also understood that after the Dharma Saint created a medium-class world, he would certainly work alone. By cooperating with Wu Dangkong, he would not get any benefit. However, he would not trust the Immortal Master so easily. In his opinion, the Immortal Master was even more terrifying, and cooperating with the Immortal Master was no less than asking a tiger for its skin.

"Looks like Wan Senshi, you are still afraid of me, afraid that I will plot against you behind your back?"

The Immortal Master said, "You have long touched the Dao of immortality, and your body is indestructible. Even if you suffer a great loss, you can always start over again. No one can kill you, so what are you afraid of?" "How about this, you kill the Dharma Saint, and I will destroy the Department of Calming Immortals. Divide the work among yourselves. "

Wan Senshi said, "You're right. In this world, there are only a few people that I fear. You, Immortal Master, are definitely one of them."

"I alone cannot kill the Dharma Saint. Only the two of us can join forces and lay out a plan. We can take advantage of the moment when the Dharma Saint is about to ascend to a dimensional realm and fuse all of his essence, soul, and energy with the world. Only then can we thoroughly kill this person. Otherwise, he will be able to escape and at that time, he will become a great source of trouble for us." The Immortal Master said.

"It's not that easy."

Wan Senshi said, "Since he joined forces with Wu Dangkong, he should know that when he ascends to a dimensional realm, there will be a great calamity awaiting him. Thus, he must have borrowed the power of the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree to avoid that calamity. Within the Sun Moon Altar, there is no one that can break through it. Do you think that the Dharma Saint wouldn't have calculated that we would attack him? If I couldn't, then I wouldn't be a Dharma Saint. " "The Dharma Saint has calculated it, but what use is that?"

The Immortal Master said, "It's not just us, but the Calming Immortal Division will not allow him to ascend to a dimensional realm. Wan Senshi, if you capture this woman now, that is the same as drawing away the Dharma Saint's firepower. If the Calming Immortal Division wants to deal with you and rescue this woman, then they will have no time to worry about the Dharma Saint. Of course, the Black Heaven Earth Gate, the three Empyreans, and many other ancient existences will not allow the Dharma Saint to form a dimensional realm. The pressure on him is also great. "

"Last time, those little fellows from the Calming Immortal Division managed to form a dimensional realm. It was a miracle. No one expected that they would succeed, but the result was that they succeeded. But, that was all part of Gu Taxian's plans. With Gu Taxian's methods, a dimensional realm isn't anything at all." Wan Senshi said, "Since you want to join forces with me, that's fine. But, what are the specifics of our plan?"

"It's very simple. We will use the strength of our own dimensional realms and split off a portion of our savings to refine a fierce magic art together. Then, when the Dharma Saint ascends to a dimensional realm, we will suddenly attack and shatter his world in a single move. We will capture him and refine him. Everything that legalism has will belong to us. How about it?" The Immortal Master said.

"That's not impossible."

Wan Senshi said, "In this world, there aren't many people that we can join forces to deal with. If the Dharma Saint can achieve such glory, then even if he dies, it will be worth it. In that case, it's a deal. You won't stop me from refining this little girl, will you? "

"As you wish. This little girl is a member of the Calming Immortal Division. Unexpectedly, she is fated to obtain the Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither. This zither is of great benefit in manipulating the power of the world and suppressing the universe. If the Calming Immortal Division obtains it, then Zhuge Ya will be able to control this zither and make the dimensional realm more perfect, which will be even more difficult to deal with. This zither can increase the magical effect of the dimensional realm by thirty percent." As the Immortal Master spoke, he disappeared. She had reached an agreement with Wan Senshi.

Wan Senshi operated a secret method, wrapped and imprisoned Yuhuan Lu, and then entered the headquarters of the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals. At this time, Gu Chensha also entered the headquarters of the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals.

"Disciple pays respect to Your Excellency, Longevity God." On the way here, Gu Chensha had already been accepted as a disciple by Longevity God.

The headquarters of the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals was located in the farthest edge of the East Wilderness. It was a huge snow-capped mountain, which stretched endlessly. It was a world of ice and snow, with harsh weather and howling gales. The ice layer never melted. The thinnest part of the ice layer was thousands of miles thick, while the thickest part was countless miles thick. This snow-capped mountain was called the Deep Cold Snow Region.

It was rumored that there were countless snow-capped mountains and snowstorms that covered the nine heavens. The region was so vast that it could almost match the ocean.

After crossing this Deep Cold Snow Region, one would arrive at another place, but few cultivators could go there.

Generally speaking, even if one cultivated his magical power, it would take him a few days to travel from the Divine Land to the East Wilderness. It might take him half a year or even a year to travel across the entire East Wilderness.

There were numerous immortal sects in the entire East Wilderness, and the 72 ancient sects had set up their camps there.

Each of them had their own country. Take Taiyi Fantasy Sect as an example, its country had billions of people. It could be seen how vast the entire East Wilderness was. It was definitely not easy to travel across the entire East Wilderness.

After arriving at the edge of the East Wilderness and moving eastward, one would see the Deep Cold Snow Region. At first glance, one could see ice and snow everywhere. Storms roared past, creating an extremely harsh climate.

Moreover, it was rumored that the Deep Cold Snow Region was even larger than the East Wilderness. Even if one cultivated his magical power, it was impossible to travel across it.

Only by cultivating to the God level could one cross the Deep Cold Snow Region and reach another place.

"Cold, so cold!"

Gu Chensha and Fushou God landed in a world of ice and snow. They had arrived at the depth of the snow-capped mountain. This was a platform on the mountain. The sky was filled with snowstorms all the time. The wind was so strong that it could even blow away the houses. Therefore, the air was filled with ice and snow. Some of the ice blocks were as big as small hills. As they rotated and collided in the air, they would cause earth-shaking noises from time to time, creating an incredible spectacle.

In here, not to mention ordinary people, even cultivators who had cultivated innate aura qi would die for sure.

Even cultivators who had cultivated to the Primordial Spirit Realm could not enter the Deep Cold Snow Region, otherwise, they would be easily blown away by the wind.

Only those who had cultivated to the Golden Core Realm could enter the Deep Cold Snow Region to explore, but it was still very dangerous.

Now that Gu Chensha had displayed the cultivation of Dao Realm Ten Transformations One Heart, he naturally had to show that he was not used to it.

The temperature here was very low. Even if one had cultivated to Dao Realm Four Transformations Gold Devouring Stone, they would instantly freeze into a zombie and be sealed in ice forever.

"This Deep Cold Snow Region is extremely harsh, so of course you can't stand it. However, I will open the world of the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals, and you can go in. Lord Wan Senshi used his supreme magical power to create a temporary world in this Deep Cold Snow Region as the headquarters of the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals."

Fushou God wanted to cultivate Gu Chensha. He tore his palm and a teleportation gate appeared. Then, he waved his sleeve and swept Gu Chensha inside.

Shortly after, Gu Chensha saw a giant world. This world was transparent and one could even see the Frost Country outside. This world was filled with lush greenery and beautiful scenery.

Gu Chensha realized that this world was exactly the same as the Central Continent. The terrain, the mountains, even the canals, the old capital, Sin Province, Jiang Province. Moreover, the size was the same.

Gu Chensha had changed the Illusionary Chess Islands into a Small Continent, which was a hundred times smaller.

Now, the Small Continent that Wan Senshi created was actually the same size as the Central Continent and the way it worked was similar. From this, one could see that Wan Senshi's cultivation had reached an unbelievable and supreme realm.

Especially since this Small Continent was floating in a parallel space. When people reached the border of the Small Continent, they could see the Deep Cold Snow Region outside the crystal wall.

There were many cultivators flying around in this world. They had all set up bases to trade and communicate with each other. Gu Chensha also saw that there were many tall teleportation portals that had been built here. These teleportation gates led to many places. Cultivators came out of these teleportation gates one after another and then entered them.

"Wan Senshi can actually build a stable teleportation gate. What is he?" Gu Chensha frowned.

He had always wanted to build teleportation arrays and teleportation gates. Unfortunately, these teleportation arrays consumed a lot of energy and could be easily destroyed by others. Moreover, they were very unstable. Although it was not impossible to build teleportation arrays now that the Calm Immortal Department had become a dimensional realm, the gains did not make up for the losses.

Moreover, the Tranquil Immortal Bureau and the Celestial Designer Institute had produced airships as transportation tools. With the size of Yong Dynasty's territory, large airships and airships were more than enough to transport people back and forth. Teleportation gates and formations were truly unnecessary.