Chapter 791
===========

Gu Chensha was just a step away from condensing his Saint Heart of Truth. Once he condensed it, he would be a Sage, and his cultivation and combat power would rise to a whole new level. Of course, this step was very difficult, much more difficult than when the Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha became a Sage. Ω. "M But if he advanced, he could basically sweep the world. If he became a Heavenly Lord, he would be invincible.

The sins of the Primordial Dragon Sect poured into Gu Chensha's body as nourishment, all gathering in his Saint Heart of Truth.

The Saint Heart of Truth grew strong after receiving nourishment. This Saint Heart evolved into all things, created the universe, enjoyed limitless, and governed time and space.

As the strongest Saint Heart of Truth since ancient times, the energy needed to condense it was naturally unprecedentedly strong.

After an unknown period of time, Gu Chensha's Saint Heart absorbed more and more sins, but there were no signs of it being contaminated. This was because the sins of the Heavenly Dao were merit to him.

And after absorbing a large amount of sins, the Primordial Dragon Sect suddenly gave birth to a life force. This life force was the complete awakening of his will.

The Primordial Dragon Sect, which was originally on the verge of death, naturally began to "recover" after its "disease" was absorbed by Gu Chensha. Amidst this life force, Gu Chensha's eyes flashed, and a large amount of Sacred Dragon Qi burst out.

"Hahahaha …" Gu Chensha laughed. "So that's how it is. The Sacred Dragon Qi is the Primordial Dragon Sect's highest secret. As long as someone absorbs it, they can become a Natural Born Sage. How great is that?

When the Primordial Dragon Sect was plagued by sins, it could not produce this Sacred Dragon Qi. But now that I have removed some of the sins, it is producing this qi continuously. With this qi, I can truly comprehend the Sacred Dragon Heart Sutra and even the structure of the Primordial Dragon Sect. "

With Gu Chensha's current vision and cultivation, even a colossus like the Primordial Dragon Sect could not hide its secrets from him. His cultivation was many times stronger than before he entered the Primordial Dragon Sect. The Divine Land Gourd revolved again, absorbing all the Sacred Dragon Qi that emerged. The rainbow-like Sacred Dragon Qi contained the most mysterious heart sutra.

"The amount of Sacred Dragon Blessing I absorbed this time is equivalent to the storage of at least several hundred people.

In other words, I can use the Sacred Dragon Blessing I just absorbed to turn hundreds of ordinary people into Innate Saints. "

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "However, this is nothing. I will comprehend the complete Holy Dragon Mental Cultivation Method and impart it to the people of the world. This is teaching people to fish."

A mysterious will seeped into the Sacred Dragon Qi. Runes after runes, something that transcended the laws of the Heavenly Dao emerged from the depths of Gu Chensha's soul.

At this moment, his Saint Heart of Truth, which had yet to condense, had completely evolved into a massive computing ability. It seemed as though it could calculate everything. In an instant, this Saint Heart of Truth could calculate trillions of trillions of times. At this moment, Gu Chensha's Saint Heart of Truth could no longer be described as a single heart, a million, a million, or a billion. Every time he simultaneously calculated the situation, it was calculated in trillions of trillions.

Even the calculations of Heavenly Venerables and Heavenly Longevity Realm experts seemed very weak in front of him.

Compared to him, the calculation ability of a Heavenly Venerable Realm expert was like comparing a child who had just learned that one plus one equals two to a mathematician who observed the heavenly phenomena, calculated the stars, and was familiar with geography.

After another few days and nights, a cultivation technique that could seize the fortune of heaven and earth was born from Gu Chensha's Saint Heart of Truth.

The moment this cultivation technique was born, an even greater aura of sin surged over. It was as though all the sin in the world wanted to be added to his body. At this moment, Gu Chensha was not tolerated by heaven and earth. He was hunted by both ghosts and gods. In the Heavenly Dao, even the evilest devil was as pure as a newborn lamb when compared to him. At this moment, Gu Chensha was the greatest villain. The Sacred Dragon Heart Sutra's calculation was perfect.

Once it spread throughout the world, although not everyone could become a Saint, the number of people born with the potential to become a Saint would increase. This would cause the Heavenly Dao to lose its balance.

"So that's how it is. Humans are the spirit of all living things. The Heavenly Dao created humans as an experiment. However, it created even greater potential than itself. Because even the Heavenly Dao cannot fathom the human heart, the Heavenly Dao is afraid of humans. Hence, since ancient times, all kinds of disasters have descended.

This caused humans to be unable to truly grow stronger. This is also the origin of the Demon Calamity.

Whoever can completely control the human heart will be able to defeat the Heavenly Dao. The essence of everything is derived from this change. " After keeping the Sacred Dragon Heart Sutra into his body, Gu Chensha stood up. Suddenly, waves of Dragon Qi were born in the depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate.

This Dragon Qi was faintly discernible, with an obvious aura of nothingness. No one could figure it out.

"The origin of the Primordial Dragon Gate has finally appeared. This is the Dragonless Qi.

This Dragonless Qi is the true origin of the Primordial Dragon Gate. Since it appeared to talk to me, what is the true meaning of this Dragon Gate's thoughts? "

Gu Chensha's Dragonless Qi cupped his hands towards the outside and said, "Congratulations to the Primordial Dragon Gate for awakening. Your sins have been eliminated. This time, you can get rid of the tumor."

This Dragonless Qi gradually gathered and turned into a dragon head. This dragon head was extremely ancient, as if the Primordial World existed in its eyes. Desolate truly existed in the depths of the dragon head's eyes.

"Did you absorb my sins and awaken me in the end?

However, you also snatched away a lot of the Sacred Dragon Qi that was born from me and obtained the Sacred Dragon Heart Sutra from it. You have profited from this. You can leave now.

Also, remember not to spread the Sacred Dragon Heart Sutra. Otherwise, both of us will suffer the greatest calamity. Once the balance of the world's spirit demons is lost, we will not be able to control the situation, leading to our deaths. "This was what the Primordial Dragon Gate's will said.

"Hahaha …" Gu Chensha laughed loudly and said, "Primordial Dragon Gate, is this all you know?

This is too disappointing. Originally, I thought that once you woke up, you would cooperate with me and join the Calming Immortal Department. You would operate the good fortune and change the Heavenly Mandate, creating a situation. However, you still hold on to the old view, not seeking to change the Heavenly Mandate but struggling at death's door. How disappointing. " "Young man, I know how powerful you are."

The Primordial Dragon Gate's head, Chensha, took a while before he slowly said, "However, you do not understand what will happen after the Heavenly Dao collapses. We cannot judge such a situation. Although your cultivation is somewhat powerful, it is not enough to recreate the Heavenly Dao and deal with the situation caused by the collapse of the Heavenly Dao. Right now, you only know how to overthrow the Heavenly Dao and do not know how to build and stabilize it. So, I cannot help you. If necessary, I will even stop you. " "What you said makes sense."

Gu Chensha actually did not refute the Primordial Dragon Gate's will. "However, you are afraid. The current me is indeed not confident in controlling the situation after the Heavenly Dao collapses. However, as my cultivation increases, it is not impossible. If you help me, I will naturally help you advance again. With your help, my plan will be even more perfect.

Then, I will gather the endless thirty-six treasures and open the door to the Heavenly Realm, obtaining the position of Emperor Of Heaven. At that time, I will assist the Heavenly Talisman Great to recreate the Heavenly Dao and complete a truly ideal new world. "

"Your conjectures are too childish. I still hope to maintain the status quo and not have any real turbulence. If there is a turbulence, not only will it be difficult for you and me to control, the world will basically cease to exist. This goes against your own ideals." The Primordial Dragon Gate's will did not seem to be shaken.

"That's fine. Everyone has their own aspirations and cannot be forced."

Gu Chensha waved his hands. It was understandable for the Primordial Dragon Gate to have such thoughts. Indeed, even a grand existence like the Primordial Dragon Gate was extremely afraid of the imminent collapse of the Heavenly Dao. After all, the Primordial Dragon Gate was the highest existence in the world. If the Heavenly Dao collapsed, it was very likely that it would be reduced to the mortal realm and cease to exist.

Just like the nobles in the imperial court, when the imperial court was still around, they would naturally enjoy a luxurious life. But if the imperial court collapsed, the nobles would become worthless and might even become fat meat.

"However, Primordial Dragon Gate, there are two scourges in your body. One is the Primordial Old Man, and the other is The Great Spirit God. Both of them are harming you. I hope that you can hand these two over to me. How about it?

I will erase all of your sins and restore you to your peak strength. "Gu Chensha took a step back and settled for the next best thing.

"I can't."

The Primordial Dragon Gate directly rejected, "The Great Spirit God and I have signed an agreement to work for me in the future. As for the Primordial Old Man, he is an existence that I nurtured and is similar to my son. How can I give him to you? These two are working for me. Actually, your arrival is also because the Great Spirit God lured me here and used your power to awaken me and erase my sins. This is all part of the Great Spirit God's plan. In a certain sense, his plan has succeeded." "I must kill the Great Spirit God."

Gu Chensha waved his hand, "Even you can't stop me. If you were at your peak, I would be very afraid. But now, you have just recovered from a serious illness and I was the one who saved you. I already know many of your secrets. Even if I want to kill these two now, it won't be completely meaningful." "You underestimate the Primordial Dragon Gate."

The will of the Primordial Dragon Gate said, "We traded. You obtained the Holy Dragon Heart Technique and helped me erase my sins. There is no longer any karma between us.

Now that you barged in and wanted to kill my people, you have violated my taboo. If you leave now, we are still friends. If you insist on doing things your own way, we will be enemies. " "I have an idea."

Gu Chensha sighed. "You rejected me after you woke up today. That's a huge mistake. You'll be the first one to fall among the Three Great Artifacts." A 19-year-old girl's masturbation was exposed on a live streaming platform! Follow the official WeChat account: meinvpai1 (Long press 3 seconds to copy) Watch online!