Chapter 886
===========

"Yes, we couldn't see the realms of the Heavenly Axiom and His Majesty clearly. We always felt that they were high above and untouchable. But now that I've seen their realms, I also have the hope of reaching that level. But the more it is like this, the more I feel that the situation is indeed in a state of loss of control."

Lou Baiyue nodded. After refining the mysterious power of the Empress of Heaven's Origin and the Regal Propriety's Golden Medallion, her cultivation had increased greatly. She was only second to the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha, so she knew many things.

"Actually, our current strength has completely surpassed the Emperor Of Heaven. In the battle with the Emperor Of Heaven just now, I more or less understood some of his abilities. He may be a little stronger than me, but he doesn't have an overwhelming advantage over me. And my advantage over him is that I control the sacrifices of the people of China, from which I can extract endless power that surpasses the Heavenly Axiom to replenish myself.

Of course, he is also waiting for the moment when the situation in China is out of control and we can't control the hearts of the people of the world. Now he may have already infiltrated the imperial court and disintegrated us from the inside. "

Gu Chensha once again recalled the various details of his battle with the Emperor Of Heaven just now. As he carefully pondered and calculated, he benefited a lot. He felt that his cultivation had increased to a higher level and reached some mysterious and mysterious realm.

"By the way, in your calculations, who is the Emperor Of Heaven, or what identity did he use to infiltrate our imperial court?" Lou Baiyue asked.

With her current cultivation, she was still a little bit away from being able to calculate the secrets of the Emperor Of Heaven.

"I already have some clues, but I can't say it out loud. I even have to hide my thoughts. Otherwise, the person who is hiding the identity of the Emperor Of Heaven will sense it when I have a thought. At that time, it would be very unwise to act rashly and alert the enemy."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Moreover, even if we have confirmed the hidden identity of the Emperor Of Heaven, we can't arrest him. Instead, we will make him desperate and cause turmoil in the world.

What we need to do now is naturally to guard against him using him to strengthen our nation's destiny. Apart from that, we also need to guard against the immeasurable changes that will occur when Father and the Heavenly Dao collapse at the same time. "

After exchanging blows with the Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Chensha's horizons were once again broadened by a lot. Of course, he had also absorbed a lot of knowledge from Regal Propria's golden plate and Gu Taxian's true will, as well as his experience in fighting against the Heavenly Dao.

The experience of fighting against the Heavenly Dao in Regal Propria's medallion was much more than that of the God System. 【】

After all, the warships and systems of the prehistoric civilization were nothing more than failures, completely destroyed in the battle against the Heavenly Axiom. Now, however, Gu Taxian had not failed and had even suppressed the Heavenly Axiom, putting it at a disadvantage.

The battle between the Heavenly Axiom and Gu Taxian could be seen from Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven.

In the secular world, Gu Chensha represented Gu Taxian, while the Emperor Of Heaven represented the Heavenly Axiom.

Now that the Empress of Heaven's Origin had been refined by Lou Baiyue, naturally, the Emperor Of Heaven was at a disadvantage, and so was the Heavenly Axiom.

Of course, the Heavenly Axiom also had a very fierce counterattack, and this was what Gu Chensha was afraid of.

With Gu Chensha's strength, it would not be a problem for him to advance to the Sky Origin Stage in the future.

"Now that I've refined the Empress of Heaven's Origin and advanced a step further, I can do more things." Lou Baiyue said. "Next, what should we do? Also, I feel that the Emperor's will is not that simple. "

"The people of China have changed. What you need to do is to try your best to stabilize them, and I will take the Nine Heavenly Kings' Origin, collect the Endless Thirty-six Treasures, refine the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven, and weaken the power of the Heavenly Axiom again. I will participate in the deepest struggle. "

Gu Chensha said, "This time, I have understood many things. Many clouds have completely dispersed, and I can see everything except the Emperor Of Heaven, including the Earthly Sovereign." "The Earthly Sovereign?"

Lou Baiyue said, "That is the Lord of the Underworld, second only to the Emperor Of Heaven, also known as the Lord of Samsara, who controls the cycle of the Netherworld. He is mysterious and unpredictable, and in the future, he will be one of the most powerful forces. With his identity, even the Emperor Of Heaven can appoint and dismiss him at will. Could it be that this person has also infiltrated our imperial court?"

"Yes, the Earthly Sovereign and the Ten Yama Kings are also reincarnated. They have hidden themselves well and infiltrated our imperial court, ready to stir up trouble at any time. Moreover, they have received the order from the Emperor Of Heaven, and they are plotting something big. If this big thing succeeds, it will be enough to overthrow the Divine Land, and bring disaster to our rule," Gu Chensha said.

"Since they are eliminated immediately. Eliminate these unstable factors. "

Lou Baiyue's face turned cold. She knew that once these people's conspiracy was launched, it would probably be as powerful as a thunderbolt, and the hearts of the people would be in turmoil, and it would be difficult for them to unite.

"It's not that simple."

Gu Chensha said, "This matter, I have to peel off the cocoon of silk, and solve the conspiracy step by step. Currently, the most important thing is that the people's hearts cannot change. Otherwise, if the people's hearts change, we will not be able to control the situation, and instead, we will be contaminated by the poison in the people's hearts, and fall into the abyss of eternal damnation. We have borne the karma of all living beings, and we also have to bear the greed, anger, and delusion of all living beings."

"The hearts of all living beings have changed. In their power of sacrifice, if there is no beauty, but only greed, anger, and delusion, our Dragonless Gourd will definitely be greatly contaminated." Lou Baiyue nodded.

"The contamination is secondary. I have already comprehended the highest realm of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and once I succeed, I can turn the contamination into merit, and turn greed, anger, and delusion into truth, kindness, and beauty," Gu Chensha said, "However, the Emperor Of Heaven and his group will add fuel to the fire, and I will also be flustered.

We can always learn from the Heavenly Axiom and destroy the world. When the people's hearts cannot be controlled, and there is no way to remedy it, we can immediately destroy the world, cleanse the filth, and rebuild the universe. Of course, I do have the ability to do that, but I absolutely cannot do that. "

The Heavenly Axiom could not control the people's hearts, but when the Heavenly Axiom lost control, it would destroy the world. For example, when the prehistoric civilization reached its peak, humans actually wanted to create their own system to replace the Heavenly Axiom. The Heavenly Axiom definitely could not make these people change their minds, and so, it immediately destroyed the world, and rebuilt the Immortal Axiom civilization.

The Immortal Axiom civilization paid particular attention to the Heavenly Heart, obeying the Heavens, cultivating virtue, and revering the Heavens. But now, people like Gu Chensha were born.

Similarly, when Gu Chensha stood at his current height, managing the Four Wilds of the Divine Prefecture, and the countless people in the country, among these people, there would also be uncontrollable factors. This was a problem that even the Heavenly Axiom could not solve. If Gu Chensha could solve this problem, he would truly surpass the Heavenly Axiom.

"I finally understand why the final move of the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman is to unite all living beings." Gu Chensha once again comprehended. "The unity of all living beings is something that even the Heavenly Axiom cannot achieve.

So, the Heavenly Axiom made the Son of Heaven try again and again, and failed again and again. In the end, although he did not succeed, he still accumulated a lot of experience, and caused the Heavenly Axiom to evolve. The Heavenly Axiom is constantly evolving. "

Even as Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue were conversing, Zhuge Ya came in with a report. "Something seems to be wrong with the Sacrificial Pool. The sacrificial power has decreased significantly." "Oh?"

Gu Chensha's body flickered, and in the blink of an eye, he was in the deepest part of the Dragonless Gourd. It was a huge pond, and inside the pond were countless lines that penetrated into the void. Those lines were like invisible conduits that connected the hearts of all the people under Yongchao's rule.

Sure enough, a third of the lines in the Sacrificial Pool had withered, and were now devoid of sacrificial power. In other words, one-third of the people under the heavens had chosen not to offer sacrifices to the Imperial Court. The hearts of the people were changing, and not even the Imperial Court could control them.

"As people get stronger, the hearts of the people change, and they lose the reverence and sincerity they once had toward the Imperial Court.

In fact, as time goes by, disloyal hearts begin to form, and they begin to think that they, too, can rule the world. "

Gu Chensha observed the sacrificial pool. Within the pool, it was filled with the sacrificial energy of all living beings in the world. There were all sorts of bizarre and motley things.

Sacrificial power was essentially primal-chaos elemental power, which required incredible power and methods to extract deathless substances. Gu Chensha had the means and the power to do so.

However, if the Sacrificial Pool lost the faith and reverence of the people, it would dry up. At that point, Gu Chensha would no longer be able to extract the substances from it. After all, he wasn't omnipotent.

The good thing was that, although the hearts of the people had changed, the general trend was still in Gu Chensha's hands, as well as the Imperial Court's. If he could delay the trend, and buy enough time for Gu Chensha to fully comprehend the secrets of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, then everyone who cultivated it would become a Divergent, and the change in the hearts of the people could be resolved. Gu Chensha was confident that he could change the hearts of the people, and control them.

"If this goes on, in a few years, the hearts of the people in the Imperial Court will be lost."

Zhuge Ya said, "All the dynasties in the past have lost their hearts because of revolts and natural disasters. Who would have thought that our Yongchō would lose their hearts because we are too powerful, and the people's cultivation is getting higher and higher?"

"That's not strange. There's a saying among the people that if you raise a grain of rice, you raise a grain of rice to be hated. Great kindness is like great enmity, and when things reach an extreme, they will go in the opposite direction. This is the truth."

Gu Chensha didn't find it strange. "I'll go to the people to personally see the changes, and see how the hearts of the people change. We've won the hearts of the people, but because we've given too many things to the people, we've lost their hearts.

This change is very beneficial to our cultivation, and we can carefully comprehend and understand more secrets. "

"Actually, the best way is to weaken the world, stop the people from cultivating, and imprison the people's wisdom."

Zhuge Ya said, "The policies of the past dynasties have been like this. The people can be forced to do as they please, but they can't be made aware." 。 a