Chapter 410
===========

Rumble!

The Shadow Ape exploded with power and turned into a talisman. The talisman had tens of thousands of apes worshiping on it, as if they were praying to the heavens.

Then, the tens of thousands of apes seemed to have obtained some mysterious power and started to walk upright, finally evolving into humans.

An ancient picture of a monkey transforming into a human appeared in Gu Dusha's seal, revealing an extremely mysterious and supreme secret. Crack, crack … Gu Chensha's seal was shattered by the talisman. Then, the Shadow Ape condensed into a body again.

This ape turned into a human. It was a middle-aged man with a long beard. He wore a long robe and had a scholarly aura. His body gave off the aura of an ancestor god.

"What a great ape turning into a human."

Gu Chensha was a little impressed by the method of breaking his seal just now. "Desolate Ape, is this your method?"

"Gu Chensha, I know that you are very strong and can kill experts many levels higher than you, but do you really want to go against us apes?"

Ape Huang frowned. He had already felt that Gu Chensha's cultivation was not to be underestimated. His incarnation had almost been instantly destroyed.

Normally, experts who cultivated magic power would hide their real bodies. When they went out, they would condense their magic power into incarnations. That way, even if the incarnation was destroyed, they would only lose a portion of their power. There was still room for maneuver.

But this also had a big drawback. If they encountered experts, they would not be able to use their full power. Their magic power incarnations would be like food.

Moreover, if they were too careful, they would lose the ability to advance over time. It would be difficult for their cultivation to improve. Basically, if they used their magic power incarnations for everything and never used their real bodies, they would not be able to improve at all.

The path of cultivation was to fight against the heavens and take life from them. They had to maintain a sharp spirit and an indomitable will at all times. Otherwise, if they did not advance, they would fall back. It was like a boat going against the current.

Even if the three Heavenly Venerables remained motionless for a long time and acted cautiously, they wouldn't hold back when it was time to act. It was the same when dealing with Xing Qiongshi. The three Heavenly Venerables moved out with their main bodies and joined forces to activate the Immortal Slaying God Exterminating Gourd. They didn't care if their main bodies would be injured and they would suffer Xing Qiongshi's counterattack.

Furthermore, in the Ancient Era, the three Heavenly Venerates had gone out with their true bodies many times to explore the secrets of the Primordial Tree and the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon's Gate. They had fallen into dire straits many times, only managing to survive in the end.

Last time, Jing Fanxing, Gu Huo, Xiao Yan, and Elder Wang Ji had all come with their true bodies in order to kill Gu Chensha in one strike. Especially that Gu Huo, he wanted to take revenge for what happened last time.

Fa Wuxian always used his true body, full of vigor. He was confident that there was no existence in the world that could do anything to him. It was the same for Gu Chensha in the future.

"Go against your ape race?"

Gu Chensha couldn't help but laugh when he heard this. "I see that your ape race and the barbarian race have gathered an army and are about to attack my territory.

I just happened to have cultivated a divine art, so I came to kill you. Ape Huang, as the leader of the ape race, you wouldn't say such nonsense to me, would you? " "You really want to kill all the apes in this mountain?"

Ape Huang looked around. This area, with the Chaotic World Demonic Ape Temple as the center, was hundreds of thousands of miles of mountains, ravines, lakes, and grasslands. It was a habitat for the ape race, and countless apes lived here. This time, Gu Chensha had used his divine art to directly open up a path. Who knew how many apes had died when the mountain had been blasted open. Ape Huang felt very pained. These were the future of the ape race.

Especially this mountain range, which was rich in resources, was most suitable for the ape race to live in. Countless spirit herbs, animals, and fruits grew here. In ancient times, it had been modified by the Chaotic World Demonic Ape God, becoming the ape race's most important territory.

If it was taken away, the ape race would have to carry out a great migration to fight with other demon races for territory, which would lead to war.

Although the wilderness was huge, many of the rich lands were occupied by the big powers, such as the wolf race, the tiger race, the snake race, the eagle race, and so on. If the ape race rashly migrated to the territory of other races, there would be war.

No matter what, with the Chaotic World Demonic Ape Temple as the center, this huge mountain range of hundreds of thousands of miles could not be lost, or the ape race would face a crisis of survival.

Although some of the ape race's experts could migrate to other places, the billions of apes at the bottom of the hierarchy would face a crisis and lose their foundation, and the ape race would decline. The experts of any race were born in the huge bottom.

For example, if the number of humans increased by ten times, the probability of producing experts would also increase by ten times. As the leader of the ape race, it was impossible not to consider this.

"This is already the territory of our Yongchō. If your ape race wants to survive, it's not impossible, but you have to accept the jurisdiction. "

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "All these years, the ape race has killed many humans, so we must make up for our mistakes. First, attack the other demon races and barbarians, and conquer the same territory as us to atone for our crimes. Other than that, send experts to work for our Calming Immortal Department, and go to the Demon Domain to fight against the demons. Also, pay taxes like some of the immortal dao mysterious sects. How about these three? "

Gu Chensha naturally would not be so ruthless to the Devil Ape. If the other party could submit, then it would not be impossible for the Calming Immortal Department to have more demon race troops under them.

If they could subdue the demon race, let them destroy the barbarians, and then fight the demon race, that would be a good thing.

The demon race was simply endless, and the ape race also had many experts. Letting both sides suffer would eliminate many hidden dangers. But the ape race was not stupid, and this kind of thing was not wishful thinking.

As expected, Ape Desolation was angry. "Gu Chensha, you proposed such harsh conditions, do you want the ape race to be your slaves?" "Slaves?"

Gu Chensha chuckled. "It's better than being a dead ape. I know you want to wait for the Devilbane to break out, invade our lands, kill humans, and destroy our destiny. Then you can offer sacrifices to the Devilbane to undo the Devilbane of Chaos.

That said, I'll stake everything on one throw. Before the Devilbane breaks out, I'll stabilize the rear and wipe out the ape race. If you have what it takes, why don't you fight me to the bitter end? "

Gu Chensha knew that although the ape race had a lot of experts, the vicious ones didn't care about their own lives. If he really attacked, and combined it with the power of the Common Life's Wish sphere, the ape race would definitely have some misgivings. Some of the old-timers were afraid of Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman, and didn't dare to come out.

"In that case," Ape Desolation said angrily, "I really want to see what kind of power the Calming Immortal Department has that you would want to exterminate the ape race." He simply couldn't agree to Gu Chensha's conditions.

"Very well," Ape Desolation said. "The Great Ape King won't be able to live, and your incarnation will be buried. The souls and flesh of the millions upon millions of devilapes will be the perfect nourishment for my heavendemontree.

I know you have some powerful experts among you, so why don't you come out and let the Calming Immortal Department take a look at you? "

Gu Chensha didn't fear fighting. After all, he had already fought with Xing Qiongshi, and had absorbed some of his memories, as well as some of his fighting experience. Furthermore, he had endured the fiendish will of the ape race, which meant that the pressure he felt from the other experts wasn't even worth mentioning.

"Our ape race doesn't fear anyone.

From ancient times until now, the immortal dao profound sects have exterminated demons and devils, and yet none of them have managed to exterminate us. Do you really think your puny Calming Immortal Department is capable of wiping us out? "Ape Desolation said." Very well.

"Very good. Ape Desolation, I admire your courage. Since that's the case, I'll kill this clone of yours first. Then, I'll go kill the Blood Ape King, the Golden Ape King, the Wise Ape King, and the Empty Ape King.

Gu Chensha had received news long ago that the Ape Tribe was led by the Ape Tribe's Patriarch, Ape Kong. The ten great Ape Kings under him supported the entire Ape Tribe.

If he could capture and kill all ten of the Ape Kings, it would be tantamount to killing the Yongchō, as well as the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises. The structure of the imperial court would be thrown into chaos.

The ten Ape Kings were all experts who had mastered magical power, and their cultivation bases were roughly on par with the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises. From this, it could be seen that the Ape Race was powerful enough to dominate the Demonfolk.

Of course, that was only on the surface. Many of the old-timers of the Ape Race didn't come out into the world. If they all came out, it would be enough to turn the entire divine continent into mush.

Gu Chensha wasn't afraid. The Ape Race would eventually have to be dealt with. If he were to injure the Ape Race, it would draw out some of the old-timers and alert them.

Otherwise, if the old-timers of the Demonfolk showed up at the most critical moment, they would be able to catch the Celestial Calmness Bureau completely unprepared.

Most importantly, even if a god-grade old-timer appeared, Gu Chensha could hide inside the Common Life's Wish sphere. He could even set up a trap that would cause the old-timers to suffer. RUMBLE!

Gu Chensha didn't say anything else. Instead, he made his move, unleashing thousands upon thousands of dragon-shaped Core auras. The dragon-shaped Core auras filled the air, transforming into seals that once again captured Ape Desolation's incarnation.

Ape Desolation's incarnation once again transformed into the talisman of the Ape Human Transformation Diagram.

This time, however, Gu Chensha didn't give Ape Desolation the chance to do so. His palm transformed, and a boundless fiendish aura appeared. This was a simulation of the Xingqiong Clan, the number one fiend of the divine continent.

"What is this?!" Ape Desolation's incarnation seemed to be on the brink of destruction.

Under the pressure of the Fiendish Qi that Gu Chensha had imitated, the magic power in the incarnation began to show signs of collapsing inch by inch.

"Absorb!"

Gu Chensha didn't even look at it as he grabbed the incarnation and sealed it inside the crystal sphere. Then, he flickered off into the distance, returning to his own fiefdom and entering the Common Life's Wish sphere.

"Heavenly Demon Tree!" he said, tossing the crystal sphere into the air. Many of the souls and quintessence-blood inside had been devoured by the tree.