Chapter 606
===========

"So that's how it is, so that's how it is."

Gu Chensha had seen through some of the secrets of the Divine Central Continent. The clash of spirits and demons had caused a massive vortex to form in the Divine Central Continent, pulling in some of the great treasures of the myriad worlds, thus creating a miraculous scene of treasures and fortuitous encounters.

In this Divine Kingdom, there were many treasures that were originally sealed, but now, they were all restless and attracted, breaking the seals to enter the Divine Central Continent. The massive vortex that was the Divine Kingdom was firmly sucked in.

At the same time, Gu Chensha's consciousness entered the dimensional realm. Looking at the turbulent flow of spacetime, he saw that the suction force of the Divine Central Continent was getting stronger and stronger. The turbulent flow of spacetime caused many ruins in the billions of parallel spaces to be pulled in. It was like the eye of the sea.

"Is this the so-called Divine Kingdom Tide in the Divine Kingdom Grand Technique?

Every many years, the Divine Kingdom Tide would appear, using the power of the Endless Mainland to attract countless spacetime treasures. "Gu Chensha recalled the 72 layers of the Divine Kingdom Grand Technique.

Xing Qiongshi had comprehended the Divine Kingdom Grand Technique, and his understanding of the secrets of the Divine Central Continent had reached the pinnacle. When he used the 100 layers of the Divine Kingdom Grand Technique, he could almost become one with the Divine Region.

It was to gather one's own power and use a miraculous method to combine with the Divine Region, unleashing an attack that could destroy the heavens and earth.

In the past, Xing Qiongshi had used the power of the Ominous Armor to activate the 100 layers of the Divine Kingdom Grand Technique and shattered the Martial Saint's Paradise with a punch. If not for the power left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, the Wu Clan would be gone. The power of that punch could kill a Heavenly Venerable. If Xing Qiongshi had personally attacked, it would have been much more powerful.

But now, Xing Qiongshi could no longer activate the 100 layers of the Divine Kingdom Grand Technique and could not borrow the power of the Divine Region.

This was actually a trump card that he had been preparing for a long time to kill three Heavenly Venerables.

"Lu God's Divine Kingdom has finally appeared and was attracted by the Divine Central Continent."

Longevity God looked around. The huge Divine Kingdom was a small chiliocosm, and contained many secrets. Even a god could not see through it in a short time. Apart from that, there were many restrictive spells in the Divine Kingdom Minor Chiliocosm. If they were not handled well, they would be trapped by the formations, which it would be extremely dangerous. Longevity God walked carefully.

"In Lu God's Divine Kingdom, the most valuable thing is the Deity Seat. Obtaining the Deity Seat is equivalent to obtaining Lu God's orthodoxy and everything he has." Longevity God tried his best to search. At this moment, a light flashed and another person appeared.

This person wore a Daoist robe and had a jade hairpin in his hair. He held a horsetail whisk in his hand. He was a young Daoist.

An aura that could suppress rivers and mountains appeared on his body. It was as if wherever he went, that place would be suppressed.

"Longevity God, I didn't expect you to find Lu God's Divine Country."

As soon as the young Daoist appeared, his eyes shot out light and directly saw through Longevity God's invisibility technique.

"Daoist Ping Nan!" Longevity God was furious and shocked: "You actually came to meddle in my affairs!

I came to the Central Divine Prefecture in search of fortuitous encounters because of Lord Wan Senshi's guidance, yet you disregarded his orders and actually came here! Looks like you have ulterior motives? " "Hahaha …" Daoist Ping Nan laughed: "Longevity God!

I came here today because of Lord Wan Senshi's guidance. Lord Wan Senshi asked me to supervise you. You can obtain Lu God's orthodoxy, but you must hand over Lu God's Deity Seat to Lord Wan Senshi.

I know you want to take Lu God's Deity Seat for yourself. You should know that once you obtain this Deity Seat, as long as you study its secrets and refine it, you can become a True God. Your lifespan will increase by ten times, and your cultivation will increase by more than ten times. You can also use this Deity Seat to travel through space-time turbulence! Then, you can use this ability to obtain Longevity God's Deity Seat and Fortune God's Deity Seat.

Not only do you have Longevity God and Fortune God, but you also have great ambitions to break through to the Empyrean Realm. Do you think Lord Wan Senshi doesn't know your little thoughts? "

"Daoist Ping Nan, we are of the same branch. If I obtain the Deity Seat, it will be of great benefit to you." Longevity God frowned.

Deity Seat was a supreme treasure obtained by the ancient Heaven Sacrificial Talisman by sacrificing the Son of Heaven's Aura. As long as a God level expert obtained the Deity Seat, their lifespan would increase by ten times, their combat power would also increase by ten times, and their potential would also increase. Then, they would have the hope of breaking through to the 33 transformations, or even the 36 transformations, becoming an Empyrean Realm. For example, Maha God had already broken through to the 36 transformations, becoming an incarnation.

In other words, after a God level expert obtained the Deity Seat, the benefits would be indescribable.

This was like a scholar in the mortal world who passed the Imperial Examinations, but didn't obtain an official position.

Most of the Imperial Examinations were actually just editors in the Hanlin Academy. Those who knew how to operate and had a background would obtain an official position. An official position was something similar to the Deity Seat.

Now that the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman had appeared, it was a pity that Wu Dangkong didn't become a Son of Heaven, so he couldn't win the hearts of the people and obtain the Son of Heaven's Aura. Naturally, he couldn't obtain the Deity Seat.

However, if he could find the Deity Seat left behind by a fallen True God, then a God level expert would be able to reach the heavens in one step and become a True God.

Since ancient times, there were people who successfully slaughtered True Gods and took over the Deity Seat, like a dove occupying a magpie's nest.

"We aren't of the same branch. Longevity God, back then, you always wanted to destroy me and devour my sect. Now that our two sects have merged and are both under Lord Wan Senshi, you must be very unwilling, right?

Besides, the two of us have been fighting openly and covertly for many years. You have always wanted to defeat me, but unfortunately, you could not succeed. However, if you were to obtain the position of a True God, I would immediately be suppressed by you. This is not a good thing. "

Tranquil Chaos continued: "In this broken God Nation, I also know where the Deity Seat is hidden. If you didn't have my help, you wouldn't have been able to obtain it." "I obtained the orthodoxy of Longevity God and Blessing God."

Longevity God said: "The Deity Seat of Lu God is in my pocket. I'm a fated person. Even Lord Wan Senshi can't take away my fate. Do you want a piece of the action? " "Of course, of course I want a share. Who doesn't want the Deity Seat of True God?

Although Lord Wan Senshi has roped in Wu Dangkong, Wu Dangkong no longer has any power in the Imperial Court. He was forced to retreat by Calming Immortal Department, not to mention obtaining evidence of the Imperial Court. Therefore, the Sacrificial Decree in her hand is temporarily useless. It can't give us the Deity Seat. "

Tranquil Chaos laughed and flicked his horsetail whisk: "Longevity God, if you're smart, you'll share it with me. This is inevitable." "How do I share the Deity Seat?"

Longevity God's face was filled with killing intent: "There's only one Deity Seat. If there's you, there's no me."

"I mean, today, give me the Deity Seat of Lu God, and I'll cooperate with you to obtain the Deity Seat of Longevity God and Blessing God. How about it?" Tranquil Chaos was not polite at all.

"Tranquil Daoist, you didn't come here to negotiate with me. You came here to steal my fortune. Very well, then let's fight here. Let's see who is stronger and who has the right to acquire this god seat.

If you and I fight here, it's very likely that we'll become someone else's dish. At that time, you and I will be caught in the Small Divine Province and become laborers. I'm afraid we'll sink into oblivion forever. "

Longevity God already had the intention to kill Tranquil Chaos, but he still began to compromise: "How about this, let's join hands. Give me the Deity Seat of Lu God, and I'll give you the treasures in this Divine Country. How about it?"

Longevity God already wanted to kill Tranquil Chaos, but he still began to compromise: "How about this, let's join hands. Give me the Deity Seat of Lu God, and I'll give you the treasures in this Divine Country. How about it?" "This Divine Country is broken and has completely lost its power. What do I want it for?

Although the value of the treasures is not bad, it's still far from the Deity Seat. "Tranquil Chaos shook his head.

"Tranquil Chaos, I can't be bothered to talk to you at this time!"

Longevity God suddenly seemed to feel something. His face changed, and his body changed again and again as he flew out. In the place where he flew, a seal seemed to have broken.

Countless space-time storms swept out, but in the center of the storm, a chair appeared. This chair was made of stone, very simple and heavy. There was nothing mysterious about it, but it just floated in the depths of space-time. No matter how fierce the space-time storm was, it couldn't move at all.

"This is the Deity Seat!" Gu Chensha's heart was also very moved.

That's right, the Deity Seat was a chair made of stone. As long as a Deity expert sat on this chair, they would have some of the abilities of a Deity. Then, after gathering the faith of all living beings, the power of this Deity Seat would be completely activated.

The Deity Seat was mysterious beyond words. Although Gu Chensha obtained a lot of ancient memories and knew many secrets of the Deity Seat, there were some things that needed to be personally tested in order to get the best understanding.

Gu Chensha wanted to pour his Heavenly Law's power into the Deity Seat and refine it. Then, with the power of this Deity Seat, he would be able to fuse Release Bow, Permanence and Impermanence Arrows, and Wanxiang Shattering Rod into his body.

For him, the Deity Seat had a lot of research value. Perhaps, with this seat, he could obtain even deeper secrets of the Heavenly Law. Because the Deity Seat was also condensed by the Heavenly Law.

At this moment, at the highest point of Jiang Prefecture's Fugui Mountain, above the sky, a middle-aged man and a woman stood side by side, talking to each other.

The man had a strange appearance, with big sleeves fluttering in the wind. He seemed to have grasped the highest truth and law between heaven and earth. He was actually Dharma Saint. And the woman was Wu Dangkong.

"Your Excellency Dharma Saint."

Wu Dangkong said: "I didn't expect Lu Deity's God's Country to appear here. Do you think Longevity God will obtain this Deity's Dao and Deity Seat?"