Chapter 250
===========

When Gu Chensha heard Lou Baiyue's words, the scenes in front of him disappeared. What replaced them was an ancient era.

The mountains in front of him pierced into the clouds and the trees were 1,000 feet tall. Winged dragons flew in the sky and there were many beasts that could only be seen in ancient times. He seemed to have been teleported to the ancient era. Lou Baiyue, Xuanwu Baby, and Gu Huasha were all gone.

"Not good."

He felt that something was wrong right away and wanted to activate the armor to protect himself. But after activating it for a long while, he realized that the armor didn't appear. He summoned the Dragon Gate and realized that there was no Demon Descending Blade either.

He immediately sunk into his consciousness and realized that the talisman was still there. He calmed down.

Thinking about it, he knew that he wasn't in a physical body but a consciousness, which was why he didn't bring any treasures in. This meant that this was the world of the Sky Monster Book. His consciousness was sucked in but his physical body was still outside. The talisman had merged with his consciousness, so it was sucked in too.

He realized that his consciousness couldn't head out at all and it was like he was trapped in the Sky Monster Book.

The world in front of him was a piece of desolate land. He didn't know where the exit was and didn't know how to go back. He also didn't know how to contact Lou Baiyue and the others.

"This situation is really bad." Gu Chensha calmed down and thought about what to do.

Suddenly, there was a sharp cry in the sky. A really fierce weird bird noticed him and saw him as prey, charging down. The weird bird's body was made of iron and it didn't have feathers. It was just skin and membrane. Gu Chensha recognized it. It was a desolate variant, the Iron Bone Bird.

This bird had gone extinct a long time ago. It was really fierce and could rip apart tigers and leopards. Its natural strength and attack strength could compare to a Dao Realm Transformation Four expert.

If a Dao Realm Transformation Four expert faced this bird, he definitely wouldn't be its match. This was because this bird could fly. If it pounced down from the sky, how could a Dao Realm Transformation Four expert be its match? Shua!

Gu Chensha didn't even think about it. He used astral energy and instantly, the bird was sliced into half.

"Eh? You can even emit Stellar Energy in here?

It should be a virtual world. When my consciousness enters, my cultivation mark is still there. This should be a virtual world but it still follows some rules. It shouldn't be able to take away some of my instincts. I was able to cultivate to the Dao Realm Ten Transformations and every step I took was really stable. When my cultivation and consciousness merged, I could show my strength in this virtual world. Of course, I can't use the Dragon Sect's power. "

As soon as Gu Chensha killed the Ironbone Bird, he sensed a mass of vile souls on the Sun Moon Altar.

"What? Killing virtual Ironbone Birds in this virtual world actually has vile souls that can be absorbed? "

Gu Chensha was overjoyed as he hurriedly divined. "Yes, although this is an illusory world, it's formed from consciousness. Consciousness is a part of the soul. The ancient Skyfey Book has landed in the hands of countless experts over the generations. There were even Fey Gods who controlled it before. It's unknown how many Fey were gathered and how much soul force was accumulated in it before it evolved into such a massive world.

Logically speaking, if I am sucked in, my body outside will die and my soul will turn into a portion of the Sky Monster Book's soul power. Who knew that I would actually have the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman and be able to absorb vile souls here? Then … I might have a chance of getting out.

As long as I gather enough vile souls and sacrifice them to the heavens, can the Sky Monster Book trap me?

What a joke. No matter how strong the Sky Monster Book is, it is much weaker than the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. " After understanding the current situation, Gu Chensha wasn't in a rush anymore.

"Baiyue, The Fourth, and Xuanwu were also trapped in the Sky Monster Book. However, they are at the 13th Transformation of Dao Realm, Demon Swallowing and Ghost Eating. They can swallow the souls in the Sky Monster Book to strengthen their realms."

Gu Chensha wasn't worried about Lou Baiyue and the others, "But now that our consciousnesses have been sucked into the Sky Monster Book, it isn't appropriate to leave our bodies outside for too long. My castle's defenses are strong, but if we meet experts, they will definitely invade." Gu Chensha made a quick decision. He suddenly leaped into the sky and stood still.

Although the Ancient Desolate World formed by the Sky Monster Book was an illusion, it could carry his cultivation. Shua shua shua!

A few bolts of Stellar Energy shot out from his hand, instantly killing a few more Iron Bone Birds in the sky. A few more souls appeared in the space of the Sun Moon Altar.

In this primitive world, there were many demonic beasts, and there was no lack of tyrannical existences. Gu Chensha knew very well that without the Dragon's Gate, he could at most fight and kill demonic beasts with 14 Transformation Primordial Divinity. If he encountered some Primordial Divinity souls, he would be devoured by them. Therefore, he fought in a clean and efficient manner, without any sloppiness. Weng …

Just at that moment, a low sound spread out from the forest in the distance. A stench charged into the clouds and Gu Chensha felt a little dizzy. It was like the poisonous gas given off by a giant beast.

Although this was an illusion space, everything was imitated and it was no different from the real world.

Gu Chensha seemed to have comprehended some theories from this. The exchange of reality and illusion. Even the real world was sensed through the soul. All things in the world were comprehended through the perception of the soul. The truth of the world had to be understood through one's own heart. Roar! A huge snake head charged out from the dense forest.

The snake's head was as big as a house, and its mouth was as big as a sacrificial bowl. Its tongue was several feet long, and a huge suction force came from its mouth. The air condensed into a whirlpool like a tornado, and it sucked in Gu Dusha. Immediately, an unparalleled suction force wrapped around Gu Chensha and was about to swallow him.

"So powerful!"

When Gu Chensha saw the giant snake below, he was instantly shocked. This snake was at least several thousand zhang long, and dense demonic qi was emitting from its body. Its entire body was grayish-black in color. He recognized that this was a giant beast that disappeared during the desolate era, the "Tai 'e Giant Python". This python was innately powerful and huge. Once it learned to cultivate, it would be terrifying.

As the Tai 'e Giant Python swallowed, Xiantian Astral Energy revolved and contained the power of the Primordial Spirit. This was not a simple monster but a Great Demon!

Gu Chensha also recognized that the Tai 'e Giant Python was using the Heavenly Demon Spirit Devouring Art recorded in the Book of Heavenly Demon.

He didn't dare to be careless. He could already tell that the Tai 'e Giant Python's cultivation had far surpassed the Primordial Spirit Projection Realm. If his Dragon Gate was still around, killing this python wouldn't be a problem. But now, it would be very difficult. He might even be devoured and refined by the other party.

He could vaguely sense that in the Ancient Desolate Era in the Book of Heavenly Demon, there were many demon souls devouring each other.

He was just a soul that was absorbed by the Book of Heavenly Demon. He was no different from others. Fighting and escaping in this world of demon souls depended on one's own ability.

Originally, Gu Chensha could hide in the Sun Moon Altar's space under the Tai 'e Giant Python's devouring. However, he wanted to train himself. His body swayed and his Xiantian Astral Energy transformed into a distorted force field, allowing him to escape from the restriction.

Then, his body changed slightly. His Xiantian Astral Energy transformed into many runes, immediately concealing his body and vanishing.

Without the Dragon Gate, although he couldn't kill experts above the Fourteenth Transformation, it wouldn't be a problem for him to hide.

With Gu Chensha's concealment, the Tai Ah Python couldn't find its target. It let out an indignant roar and shrank its body back. Several dozen breaths later, black smoke emerged from the head of the Tai Ah Python that was coiled in the depths of the cave. It actually transformed into a middle-aged man with a gloomy expression. "To think that a new soul would enter the Book of Heavenly Demons! Could it be that the book has appeared again?

This soul isn't strong, but it's very strange. But no matter what, it's just a demon soul. From now on, I can only be trapped here, unable to escape and return to the real world … I hate it! Everything here is fake. How can I get out? "

A long time later, the Tai 'e Giant Python's Primordial Spirit burrowed back into its body. Then, its huge body shrunk back into the depths of the cave and hid.

Clearly, there was an existence stronger than the Tai 'e Giant Python here. It was afraid of being killed and devoured. Gu Chensha appeared once again in the depths of a forest, without making a sound. He had seen the appearance of the Tai 'e Giant Python's Primordial Spirit.

"I didn't expect the demon soul in the Book of Heavenly Demon to understand its situation. It's the same as me, but the demon soul is trapped and can't leave. But so what if it can leave?

Clearly, the Tai 'e Giant Python was killed in the Primordial Era, and its demon soul was sealed within. If it were to leave now, would it still die without a body? It hadn't cultivated to the Sixteenth Transformation realm.

However, logically speaking, the Tai 'e Giant Python couldn't have lived from the Primordial Era to the present. It should have died long ago. It seems that the Book of Heavenly Demon has the ability to preserve the soul imprint from being destroyed?

There are many secrets in this book, and it's worth exploring and pondering. The most important thing now is to kill some weak demon souls and gather them. When there are enough souls, I'll sacrifice them and leave. This book isn't something I can comprehend at my current level. " Gu Chensha already understood many things. Kacha!

He casually broke a branch, and juice flowed out. There was also the fragrance of the trees. When he tasted it in his mouth, it had a different taste. He clearly knew that everything here was fake, but Gu Chensha couldn't find any flaws at all. As a result, he couldn't help but feel a mysterious feeling in the depths of his heart.

He activated a mystic art, and his body appeared and disappeared. He sensed the aura of the demon souls in the primordial forest. He was like the king of ghosts and gods. When he encountered weak demon souls, he would suddenly appear and kill them. The souls would be stored in the altar, and when he encountered powerful demon souls, he would hide. In less than a few hours, dozens of demon souls appeared in the Sun Moon Altar.