Chapter 901
===========

"Why did the sky suddenly turn dark? Where did the sun go? " "Could it be that the sun has been covered by dark clouds?"

"No, in my Divine Will, the sun has completely disappeared. Normally, even if it is covered by dark clouds, the power of the sun can still pass through it. It shouldn't be as dark as it is now." Countless people were discussing spiritedly, and they were extremely flustered.

The sun that was originally clear and bright had now become so dark that they couldn't even see their own fingers.

Not only in the Divine Continent, but in the depths of the Heaven Realm and even in the turbulence of time and space, the Heaven Realm had suddenly lost its light. It seemed to be falling into darkness.

Originally, even if one looked from the depths of the space-time turbulence, the Heavenly Realm was still a ball of gentle light. In that light, one could see the green mountains and clear waters, the scenery was picturesque. But now, the Heavenly Realm that had suddenly lost its light, in the space-time turbulence, it was like a pitch-black devilish domain, dense and gloomy.

The people living in the Heaven Realm would never have thought that one day, the sun would disappear completely and mankind would fall into a dark age. A life without light was unimaginable.

In an instant, Gu Chensha felt that the fate of the country was shaken and the people's hearts were unstable.

But this was to be expected. The sudden disappearance of the sun in the Heaven Realm had caused everyone to feel anxious and anxious. They hoped that someone would come and save them.

At this time, the Imperial Court had to come out and appease the people. Otherwise, after a long time, the people's hearts would collapse again. The human heart was mysterious.

No matter how many things you did for them, as long as they were dissatisfied with one thing, they would hate you. That was why the human heart was difficult to control.

"Hahaha …" Long Xiang Tian was shrunk by the Heaven Realm Scorching Sun and returned to his body. He couldn't help but laugh. He could feel his cultivation level rising. In an instant, he broke through to the Sky Origin Realm.

"Gu Chensha, did you see that? I am truly blessed by fate. No! I am the master of fate. From now on, fate will be under my control. "

Long Xiangtian roared hysterically. "Now, the Heaven Realm has lost its sun and is in darkness. What will happen to your Imperial Court and All People's Association?

Your court will be torn apart, and everything you have will be reduced to nothing. Your subjects and citizens will hate you in the end, and their anger will devour you completely. " Buzz …

Long Xiangtian's silhouette flickered as he disappeared from this place. He had sufficient strength to escape. Of course, even if he had fused with the Heavenly World Scorching Sun, he still wouldn't dare to fight against Gu Chensha.

After he left, his voice paused. "Gu Chensha, I'm not your opponent right now, but your power will slowly crumble. At that time, I'll get back at you for all the humiliation I've suffered today. I'll devour everything you have. I'll also get back at you with interest." "This is the will of the Heavenly Realm playing tricks."

At this time, Gu Chensha naturally didn't chase after Long Xiangtian. He had more important things to do, which was to calm the hearts of the people and pacify the world.

The blazing sun of the Heavenly Realm disappeared and shrunk, entering Long Xiangtian's body. This was the work of the Heavenly Realm's will. As the Heavenly Realm's will swept out, Long Xiangtian once again became a puppet of the Heavenly Realm's will.

He thought that his luck was still strong, but he didn't know that he had fallen into an even more dangerous situation.

"The Emperor Of Heaven has made his move."

Gu Chensha thought. "Just now, the Emperor Of Heaven must have used some kind of secret technique to make the Heavenly Realm's will restless, causing the world to lose its light. First, he wanted to capture Long Xiangtian, this chess piece. If the Emperor Of Heaven devours Long Xiangtian, I'm afraid that his strength will increase again.

The second is to create a huge problem for the Imperial Court and take the opportunity to attack me. Not bad, not bad, this plan is indeed formidable and dangerous. It is easy to dodge a spear in the open, but difficult to guard against a stab in the dark. If the Celestial Emperor were to openly fight me, I wouldn't be afraid, but he still hasn't revealed his true body, which makes things very difficult. "

Now that the Heavenly Realm had lost its blazing sun, if the Emperor Of Heaven and the Earthly Sovereign were to cause a storm, gather the hearts of the people, and cause chaos in the Imperial Court, it would be very difficult to deal with.

But Gu Chensha had gained a lot this time. He had learned the greatest secret of the One God System, which meant that the Prehistoric Civilization no longer had any advantage over him. In addition, he had acquired a third of Long Xiangtian's essence, as well as a third of Gu Tiansha's essence. Once he completely absorbed them, his strength and destiny would reach an unimaginable level. WHOOSH! He returned to the headquarters of Dragonless, inside the Dragonless Gourd.

Inside the Dragonless Gourd, Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Gu Huasha, and the others had long since gathered, waiting for Gu Chensha's arrival.

As soon as Gu Chensha came out, Lou Baiyue worriedly said, "Chensha, the disappearance of the Heavenly Realm's blazing sun has caused a real panic. Now, the people are in a state of panic, and the destiny of our nation has dropped by a lot. The power of worship in the hearts of the people has dropped by thirty percent. As time passes, the people's hearts and destiny will continue to decline, and eventually, they will lose faith in the Imperial Court." "Not good."

At this time, Wen Hong also arrived inside the Dragonless Gourd. "There's a rumor going around that the Heavenly Realm's blazing sun will disappear forever. It's because the Imperial Court cultivates an evil technique, which is your Dragonless Heart Sutra. When it reaches major completion, it devours the blazing sun, causing a disaster for all living beings. The rumor is that you're the one who caused it, and the people of the world hate you.

This rumor is spreading, and the people's hearts will be divided. There's no way to save them, so we need to calm them down first. "

"With our current control over the world, we can immediately eliminate any kind of thought in the bud. But this time, this kind of talk and mentality has spread, which means that the Emperor Of Heaven's power is secretly stirring. If it wasn't for the Emperor Of Heaven's bewitching people's hearts, we could definitely kill these thoughts in the bud. But it doesn't matter. I'll activate my power now, and the sun will gather in the Divine Region and the Four Wilds again!" Gu Chensha's Divine Will moved, and suddenly, his Divine Will appeared.

The Divine Will condensed, and became extremely condensed. In the end, it turned into an incomparably brilliant light. This light was even more brilliant than the Heavenly Realm's blazing sun. Hum …

Once this blazing sun formed completely by Gu Chensha's Divine Will appeared, endless waves of heat immediately spread out. Even people like Lou Baiyue, who had refined the Empress of Heaven's Origin, had to retreat.

This was the blazing sun formed by Gu Chensha's Divine Will. In theory, Gu Chensha's Will had already surpassed the Heavenly Realm's Will.

So the blazing sun formed by Gu Chensha's Divine Will surpassed the Heavenly Realm's blazing sun in nature. But his power was still inferior to the Heavenly Realm, so he couldn't spread the light to every corner of the Heavenly Realm. But it was enough to illuminate the Four Wilds and the Divine Region.

Everyone saw that at this moment, a blazing sun rose from the center of the Sin Province again, and then illuminated the Four Wilds and the Divine Region. It was bright, and this light even permeated many places outside the Four Wilds.

In an instant, Gu Chensha felt the people's hearts immediately calm down. Moreover, the Yongchō had an extremely strong attraction to the outside world.

Thinking about it, every place in the Heavenly Realm was pitch-black, and it was impossible to survive. Only by coming to the Divine Region and the Four Wilds could the Divine Region and the Four Wilds become extremely prosperous, and thus strengthen the Yongchō's power.

"In terms of the degree of illumination, this blazing sun is not as good as the blazing sun of the Heavenly Realm, but in nature, it far surpasses the blazing sun formed by the Heavenly Realm's Will."

Lou Baiyue looked at the blazing sun rising into the sky and said, "Now the Four Wilds and the Divine Region are under your Will. Although this can greatly increase the attraction of our land, there is one more thing, and that is that your Will must constantly illuminate the world, so that the people of the world can bathe in your sunlight. This way, you will consume a lot of energy every moment, and it will restrict at least half of your cultivation base, and then your power will suppress the Divine Region and the Four Wilds.

Because of this, you can only use 20% of your strength. Moreover, your Will has become a blazing sun, and it is a huge target, appearing in front of the enemy at all times, becoming a target of attack. This means that we are in the light, and the enemy is in the dark. "

"This is not bad, there are advantages and disadvantages. The advantage is that my Will will illuminate the world, and the people of the world will be affected by my power, which is beneficial to the spread of my thoughts. However, the biggest disadvantage is that I have to consume my strength at all times, and also show my Will in front of everyone. Other than that, there is nothing else. "

Gu Chensha said, "To me, this is actually a kind of cultivation. Now, I have almost found the feeling of the Heavenly Realm. The Heavenly Realm condensed its Will into a blazing sun, and it shines on the world, it is also the same feeling as me. After being illuminated for a long time by this Will, I am getting closer and closer to the Heavenly Realm."

"One more thing, since the Will of the Heavenly Realm has turned into a blazing sun and entered Long Xiangtian's body, in fact, as long as we capture Long Xiangtian, we can make the blazing sun of the Heavenly Realm return to the sky, and operate the world!" Zhuge Ya said.