Chapter 1075
============

Zhou Yang The Immortal and Eternal Creation System. This was Zhou Yang's fortuitous encounter. All main characters had fortuitous encounters.

Only with fortuitous encounters could one grow quickly. And the stronger the main character, the more fortuitous encounters they would have.

This was already a regular pattern. Over the years, Gu Chensha had seen who knew how many main characters.

He had even created many systems himself, such as the Yin and Yang system and the Fate system for some main characters to obtain, allowing them to grow. The way he saw it, main characters could be divided into different categories. Minor main characters, major main characters, super main characters, etc. In front of the Immortal and Eternal Creation System, all the other systems paled in comparison.

If it had to be counted, then it should be the first system. It contained the principles of immortality, eternity, all things, growth, reincarnation, life and death, and all sorts of other supreme principles.

Zhou Yang would be able to reach the heavens in a single step after obtaining this system. As long as he followed what the system did, he would be able to become a true overlord and control the Nine Mysterious Universe. Then, he would be able to push the Nine Mysterious Universe to become a super overlord and reach the Undying Realm. Of course, this was just a possibility. Zhou Yang still needed to devour other main characters and obtain their abilities.

Gu Chensha had originally wanted to slowly influence Zhou Yang and become his master, but it seemed like that plan had been foiled. The will of the old world had infused him and nurtured him. This way, Gu Chensha's plan would be foiled.

"It seems like the will of the old world is ahead of me, but it doesn't matter." Gu Chensha had calculated billions of plans in the blink of an eye and decided on one thing. After Zhou Yang obtained the system, he appeared in front of him.

Zhou Yang had no idea what was going on. Just as he was immersed in the system's operations, a person suddenly appeared in front of him. It was a middle-aged man dressed in an ancient robe. He had the demeanor of a transcendent being, and he looked like a peerless figure who could laugh at the Nine Heavens. Even with Zhou Yang's arrogance, he felt like he was looking up at a tall mountain.

"Who are you? Why are you here?"

Zhou Yang said calmly. He had obtained the Immortal and Eternal Creation System in his body, which gave him great confidence. He was no longer the unwelcome son.

"You just acquired the Deathless and Everlasting All Being Creation System, which can steal the good fortune of ghosts and gods. It can cause transformations to all living things in heaven and earth. I'm here to teach you, lest you lose your heart because of the system, and cause the destruction of heaven and earth." Gu Chensha was now a person of virtue and prestige.

"What system? I don't understand what you're saying. "

At this time, a crafty glint flashed in Zhou Yang's eyes. He didn't want to admit that he had obtained the system, "This is the world of the Nine Xuan Empire's Grand Tutor. How can you barge in without permission?"

Deep in his heart, he thought, I actually got the Immortal and Eternal Creation System, and the first mission it gave me was to deceive this person. This person definitely has a shady background, and is my enemy. He might even want to steal my system. If I can deceive this person, the system will reward me greatly. Within his sea of consciousness, a massive system of data continuously flowed, giving out a mission.

The mission was: "Deceive this dangerous person in front of you and complete this mission. You will be rewarded with the cultivation method of the Supreme Heavenly Dao Life and Death Creation Art and the Supreme Heavenly Dao Life and Death Creation Body. This body is immortal and indestructible, impervious to all arts and unbreakable by all Daos …" This mission could allow him to reach the heavens in a single step. As such, Zhou Yang naturally had to follow the system's mission to deceive Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha frowned but then relaxed, "Since it's like this, I've mistaken you for someone else. Young man, you're on your own now.

I see that your cultivation is still quite weak. Since we've met by fate, I'll also give you a system. "

Gu Chensha waved his hand, and a massive stream of data appeared and descended into Zhou Yang's body.

Zhou Yang immediately heard another voice, "System binding, soul connection. Boundless spirit. System activation …" Whoosh! After Gu Chensha bound the system to Zhou Yang, it immediately disappeared. This made Zhou Yang feel quite relieved.

"System, system, I just tricked this person and left. Where's my reward?" Zhou Yang asked the Immortal and Eternal Creation System.

However, at this moment, he suddenly realized that another system had appeared in his mind. The Immortal and Eternal Creation System had turned into a sphere and was opposing the Infinite Spiritual Existence System that he had just obtained.

The Immortal and Eternal Creation System was a sphere, while the Infinite and Infinite Mental Existence and Non-Existence System was a cube.

The Immortal and Eternal Creation System represented the reincarnation of the old world, so it was a sphere, representing cycle and conservation.

On the other hand, the "Infinite Mental Existence and Non-Existence System" represented the endless non-circulation of the new world, so its form was a cube. Gu Chensha's meaning was clear. He wanted to give the system to Zhou Yang and let him choose.

"Zhou Yang, you must devour this system," the sphere said.

The Immortal and Eternal Creation System sent out a thought, and it was a compulsory mission. "If you don't complete this mission, the system will leave your body and cause the host to die." "Zhou Yang, don't listen to him."

The 'Limitless Spiritual Existence System' spoke. "This system is sucking your blood essence and making you its slave. It will give you many missions and make you do all kinds of things. In the end, it will leave you. If you fall for its tricks, I'm afraid you won't be able to turn back in this lifetime."

"Then do you want to give me missions?" Zhou Yang saw the two systems in his sea of consciousness and couldn't help but feel confused.

"I won't give you missions. I will only teach you all sorts of ultimate martial arts and unlock the unlimited power in your body, so that you can reach the ultimate level of cultivation." The cube's Infinite Mind Existent System said, "You can think of me as a teacher." "Don't listen to him."

At this point, the Immortal Everlasting Creation System said, "He's saying he's going to give you unlimited power, but he's actually giving you the power to break the balance of the universe. He's going to make you more terrifying than devil-ghosts. As you know, the Nine Profound Cosmos hates heretics the most. Heretics who break the laws of the universe. If you trust him, you'll become a heretic. At that time, you'll be a rat on the street, and everyone will beat you up. " "What?" Zhou Yang felt a little uncomfortable. "It's the Dao of Heretics? That person was a heretic?"

"What heretic? That's the highest cultivation path in the multiverse. Only your Nine Mysterious Universe has sealed it. The strongest universes, the New World, and the Arcana Universe, which one of them doesn't focus on the power of the soul?"

The cube laughed coldly. "Zhou Yang, do you want to spend the rest of your life in this tiny Nine Mysterious Universe? Don't you want to go out and experience the world?"

Zhou Yang's heart was moved. He knew that there were many universes outside of the Nine Mysterious Universe. Heaven and earth were boundless, and the Nine Mysterious Universe couldn't contain his heart.

Although he was a nobody and was not well-liked, it was precisely because of this that he was too arrogant and ambitious. Otherwise, he would not have been chosen by the Old World's will to be the protagonist.

"Zhou Yang, don't listen to him. If you become a heretic, you won't even be able to leave the Nine Mysterious Universe. You'll be killed. Your brothers and sisters, your parents, they'll all want to kill you. Do you know how cruel the punishment for heretics in the Nine Mysterious Dynasty is?"

"Zhou Yang, this is nothing. My system can protect you. Once your cultivation base is deep enough, the Nine Mysterious Universe will be under your control."

"Zhou Yang, this is a devil, a heretic. Work with me and complete my mission. I'll help you devour this heretic system and advance your cultivation base."

"Zhou Yang, this system wants you to complete all sorts of missions. In truth, it wants you to absorb your blood and use up your nascent spirit. Do you think there's such a thing in the world? I'll let you awaken the power in your soul. "

"Enough, all of you, stop arguing. I'll listen to whoever can help me quickly improve my strength. I am a very pragmatic person!" Zhou Yang suddenly shouted. Deep within his sea of wisdom, a will of his own emerged.

"Alright, I'll help you increase your strength right now. I'll forcefully open up your spirit power." At this point, the Infinite Spirit Existence System began to draw on its power.

"You want Zhou Yang to become a heretic? I won't allow it!" The Immortal Everlasting Creation System sent out its power as well. In the blink of an eye, the two powers clashed within Zhou Yang's sea of consciousness. Instantly, Zhou Yang felt a splitting headache.

The power of these two systems could destroy the heavens and rend the earth. It was even more boundless than the power of the universe itself. As the two systems battled, their power canceled each other out, silently altering Zhou Yang's body.

No one knew how long the two systems had been fighting for. Suddenly, the Infinite Spiritual Existence or Non-Existence System changed violently and enveloped the Immortal and Eternal Creation System. The two of them made a crackling sound.

The Immortal Everlasting Creation System let out a shocked voice. "You want to die with me? What are you trying to do?

After we perish together, the power will be injected into Zhou Yang's body, causing him to become an existence that neither the old nor the new world can control. Is Gu Dusha trying to create an existence that even he can't control? "