Chapter 1022
============

Chapter 1019: Suppression

"The first Heavenly Dao Level expert has been born, and it's not us …"

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, and the Emperor Of Heaven saw everything clearly. In the mirror that Gu Chensha showed, Zhao Jiangshan's every move, including how to use the Dragonless Heart Technique, and then the great spirit power that gushed out, then the creation of the universe, causing many spaces, continents, treasures, fortuitous encounters, and so on in the righteous and evil universes. Then, the Heavenly Dao of the righteous and evil universes boiled, intertwining with him.

At the last moment, Zhao Jiangshan's body gave birth to a huge amount of power, allowing him to directly cross over to the Heaven Realm. He also completely pushed the eighth level of the Immortal Realm to the limit, and the Heaven Realm in his body shattered, evolving into a higher level of power, which was the Heavenly Dao. At this time, Zhao Jiangshan was the Heavenly Dao Level. The Fourth and the Emperor Of Heaven's first thought was jealousy.

Logically, the Fourth was the Nihility Ancestor, the first ancestor of heaven and earth. His cultivation had long reached the heavens and earth, and he was invincible. And the Emperor Of Heaven was the one who controlled all things, created the universe, and was invincible in the Immemorial World.

The two of them were powerful figures second only to Gu Chensha. It was only natural that they could advance to the Heavenly Law Realm. However, things did not go as they wished. The one who advanced to the Heavenly Law Realm was not them, but a nobody they had never heard of, Zhao Jiangshan.

This Zhao Jiangshan did not have an illustrious background, nor did he have many fortuitous encounters, and he did not even have a backer. He relied on himself to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Technique, and slowly cultivated the strongest divine ability, and finally reached his current level. This was the mystery of the Dragonless Heart Technique.

From this, it could be seen that whoever cultivated the Dragonless Heart Technique would be able to control the fundamental power of the universe. Rumble!

Zhao Jiangshan reached the Heavenly Dao Level, and he did his best to use the universe to consolidate his cultivation.

When everyone saw this scene, heaven-shaking and earth-shattering thoughts appeared in their hearts. This was the first time the many ancestors saw the cultivation of the Dragonless Heart Art. To them, this was the first time they saw the cultivation of the Dragonless Heart Art. To them, this was a benchmark.

Now, everyone understood the importance of the Dragonless Art in creating a universe. The energy within the bodies of many ancestors began to surge. Their cultivation bases began to seep out, seeping into the space of the mortal world, coming into contact with the essence of the mortal world. After that, they poured their spirit force into it, attempting to cultivate it.

"That's exactly what I want. Keep setting up benchmarks so that people can benefit from it. That way, everyone will have the motivation to create a new world. The world will instantly expand, and I'll have more room to do what I want." Gu Chensha observed the changes in these people.

"Hahaha …" Zhao Jiangshan finally consolidated his cultivation and seemed to have become the Master of the Righteous and Evil Universes.

He let out a furious roar and laughed maniacally as he shot through the air, tearing through layers of the void to reach the imperial court. Rumble! Spatial tempests sprang up in the imperial court, causing many of the ancestors' hearts to tremble.

Zhao Jiangshan landed in front of the ancestors and looked up at Gu Chensha. "Gu Chensha, I bet you never would have guessed that I would reach the Heaven-Dao level. Now that I've reached that level, I know how strong I am. You're on the same level, and we're on the same level. You no longer have the ability to suppress me. Everyone, are you going to be so submissive and cowardly in front of Gu Chensha? Why don't you join me and rebel against Gu Chensha? " "Zhao Jiangshan, what do you want?" Gu Chensha smiled at Zhao Jiangshan.

"Simple. I want to suppress you."

Zhao Jiangshan said, "There can't be two Heaven-Daos in the world. One has to be fused. As soon as I reached the Heaven-Dao level, I knew that I had to suppress you. That's the only way I can advance further. What? You still don't dare to fight Gu Chensha?

Confucianism Ancestor, Ancestor of Justice, Vicious Ancestor, Poison Ancestor, you are the ancestors of the Righteous and Evil Universes. I am the Heaven-Dao of the Righteous and Evil Universes. You have to listen to my orders. Otherwise, I can just use the power of the Heaven-Dao to strip you of your power and drive you out of the Righteous and Evil Universes. "

When the Confucianism Ancestor heard Zhao Jiangshan, he wanted to try, but he didn't dare. He wanted Zhao Jiangshan to be the vanguard.

"Zhao Jiangshan, you were born from the Righteous and Evil Universes, but now you've become the Heaven-Dao of the Universe. You have to work for the benefit of the Righteous and Evil Universes."

At this time, the Ancestor of Love spoke. His words were vague, but he wanted Zhao Jiangshan to deal with Gu Chensha, and he also wanted Zhao Jiangshan to know his place.

"Hahaha … you're all a bunch of fence-sitters. Are you still afraid? In that case, I'll show you the power of the Heaven-Dao.

Gu Chensha, you're still sitting in front of me. Do you really think your power is above mine? Come on down. "Zhao Jiangshan suddenly grabbed. Rumble!

There seemed to be a great universe appearing in his palm, which then wrapped around Gu Chen's sandbag. This great universe rapidly expanded, covering all space-time. Everyone saw the true meaning of the universe. Countless meteors streaked across the void. Countless timelines and fate lines began to recombine and decompose. Karma lines also began to condense and form.

"This is the power of the Heaven-Dao?

Too scary. We're not a match for him at all. The difference between the Heaven-Dao and Heaven Realms is too big. "Many of the ancestors were terrified.

The Confucianism Ancestor and the others were thinking, "This kind of power might really be able to defeat Gu Chensha. He's creating new timelines, timelines, and karma threads.

To think that Zhao Jiangshan would actually possess such strength and mystic skills. Heaven's Dao realm, I must definitely ascend to the Heaven's Dao realm. That is true power. Other than that, all other powers are not worth mentioning. '

"Gu Huasha, it looks like if we don't make a choice, we'll fall behind." The Emperor Of Heaven's heart was already in turmoil.

"Yes, we have to change."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, saw Zhao Jiangshan's power, and his heart was deeply moved. He knew that the moment Zhao Jiangshan used the Heaven-Dao, he had fallen behind. If he didn't catch up, he would be trampled by the nobodies.

Many of the ancestors were shocked by Zhao Jiangshan's Heaven-Dao power, and Gu Chensha said one word.

"Change!"

When the word left his mouth, the whole universe disappeared. It was like it had never been there. Zhao Jiangshan stood where he was. He kept waving his hands, but he couldn't use any power. It was like he had suddenly become an ordinary person.

"No! Jiang Ge, what have you done? "

Zhao Jiangshan roared and activated the Heavenly Energy in his body again and again. However, the Heavenly Energy seemed to disappear without a trace in an instant.

"Heaven-Dao power is a good thing, but using it requires a strong heart."

Gu Chensha was holding a sphere that looked like the righteous and evil universes. That sphere was all of Zhao Jiangshan's Heaven-Dao power. The power was gathered together, and Gu Chensha took it all. It shone with a bright light. When the light shone, it made many of the ancestors drool.

Whoever obtained this ball of Heavenly Energy would be able to immediately ascend to the Heavenly Dao Realm.

"Never mind. I'll give it back to you."

Gu Chensha waved his hand, and the Heaven-Dao power went back into Zhao Jiangshan's body. Zhao Jiangshan roared and exploded again. He attacked Gu Chensha. But Gu Chensha pressed his hand down. Boom!

Zhao Jiangshan's body changed. He became a cow. More accurately, he was a monster with a human head and a cow's body.

"Baiyue, this Heaven-Dao class cow, Zhao Jiangshan, is your tool to pull the cart. It's not bad. "

Gu Chensha said to Lou Baiyue, "Not to mention that he has reached the Heavenly Dao Realm, his Dragonless Heart Sutra has also reached a very high level. He can continuously open up new worlds in the void and expand the human world. Not bad, not bad at all. In the future, apart from pulling the carriage for you, his task is to open up new worlds everywhere, enrich the human world, and create more fertile worlds." "That's for the best."

Lou Baiyue looked at Zhao Jiangshan, who had turned into a cow. "This cow is at the Heaven-Dao level. I'm afraid I can't control him. If he attacks me, it'll be terrifying." "Don't worry. He won't be able to attack you."

Gu Chensha said, "I've already sealed Zhao Jiangshan's body. His life and death are in your hands. If you want him to kneel now, he won't be able to resist." "Is that so? Then I'll give it a try. "Lou Baiyue said," Kneel. "

Immediately, Zhao Jiangshan knelt, but he looked very unwilling. He shouted hysterically, "Gu Chensha, what have you done to me? I'm at the Heaven-Dao level! The Heaven-Dao! I'm the Heaven-Dao! I'm the Heaven-Dao! I'm in charge of all karma, all order, all life and death, all space-time, and all fate. Why am I so weak? Why? I can't accept this! The Heaven-Dao is supreme! How could this happen?" "Kneel."

Lou Baiyue gave another order, and instantly, Zhao Jiangshan prostrated himself on the ground, his buttocks sticking up high. A mighty, invincible character at the Heaven-Dao level was like a pet, unable to resist at all.

"Very good."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Zhao Jiangshan, once you reached the Heaven-Dao level, you started showing off in front of me, but you forgot one thing. The reason you reached the Heaven-Dao level was because of my help. However, I won't take away your cultivation base. As long as you completely change your mind, I'll be able to restore you." "Gu Chensha, that's impossible. I won't let you have your way."

At that moment, Zhao Jiangshan was just like Fa Wuxian. "As long as you don't kill me, I'll keep watching. I'll watch you get defeated. I've reached the Heaven-Dao level now, and my lifespan is endless. I'll keep waiting for you. I can't defeat you, but there'll be a day when someone can. In the eternal years, you'll end up like me. It's just a matter of time."