Chapter 1138
============

Dialogue There seemed to be no one in the depths of this strange space.

Chen Qi originally came here to look for Gu Chensha, but he didn't see any trace of Gu Chensha. There was nothing here. No living beings, no air, no energy, not even anything that existed or didn't exist.

"Where is Gu Chensha? I feel like he's here, but I can't see him. Could it be that I haven't reached that level yet? "Chen Qi was very confused.

He searched for a while but couldn't find it, so he stopped and sat cross-legged, as if he was comprehending something.

Gradually, a great enlightenment appeared in his body. This enlightenment caused his strength to completely stabilize. Although he didn't make any progress, his cultivation base had completely stabilized. It was even more perfect, and there were no flaws in his cultivation base.

With one last roar, a person appeared in front of him. This person looked at him with a smile. It was Gu Chensha.

"Congratulations, Chen Qi. You've reached such a level of enlightenment that you can see me for the first time. You're probably the strongest person in the multiverse other than me.

I didn't expect you to be able to do this. Even I didn't expect it. But it's precisely because of these unexpected things that I always have a lot of fresh things. " Gu Chensha looked at Chen Qi.

"You …" Seeing Gu Chensha, Chen Qi suddenly stuttered. He was now a giant among giants, an invincible figure, but he could not sense what realm Gu Chensha was in. He felt that no matter how powerful he was, he would be easily killed and suppressed by Gu Chensha.

"Just what level are you at right now? Why is it that even after reaching this level, I still can't see through it?" Chen Qi asked.

"You will need to comprehend this yourself. In fact, with your current cultivation level, no one else can guide you. You have to comprehend everything on your own. "Gu Chensha waved his hand.

"Gu Chensha, what are you trying to do?"

At this time, Chen Qi finally remembered the purpose of his words. "Can you open up this virtual interface so that everyone has the hope of attaining eternity? Limiting the lifespan of others doesn't seem to be your goal.

I remember that you were the first to create the Dragonless Heart Sutra. It was to allow all living beings in the world to no longer be restricted by the conservation of energy. They could develop their own spiritual energy and obtain limitless power. That was your original intention. But what you're doing now is completely different from what you should be doing.

I know you want to stimulate everyone's potential, but everyone has their own choice. Some people don't want to cultivate, but they can also obtain eternal life. "

"I use this virtual interface to allow everyone to communicate spiritually. Everyone can use this virtual interface to conduct transactions and communicate. This is a network that allows all living beings to share a common heart. Why is there a lifespan limit? In truth, this is a threshold for cultivation. If someone can break through this threshold, they will obtain eternal life.

In fact, the limitless lifespan you think is fake. Heaven and earth are changing all the time. The immortality you've obtained is fake. When heaven and earth change, it won't be eternal anymore. You will die for real. The reason why I limit lifespan is to protect all living beings in this world. If you don't understand what immortality is, what immortality is, there's no other way. "

Gu Chensha said, "Because you don't understand the nature of the world. The entire world is with the world. Living in reality isn't eternal. "

"Gu Chensha, actually, you want to train an existence that isn't different from you. Then, you can fight with him to comprehend the strongest realm. The Ten Levels of Immortal isn't the Immortal Realm. Now that I'm out, what do you want? Do you want to suppress me or kill me? " Chen Qi asked.

"You're not my match yet, and you're not an existence that I want to nurture. You're still lacking a little. If you can break free from your obsession with longevity one day and break free from the restraints of my Virtual Interface, you'll have the chance to fight with me. You haven't reached that realm yet, but as the universe progresses, there might be existences that are stronger than you. Therefore, young man, you have to work harder and not slack off. Many people think that they've occupied a great destiny and were the top of the world for a period of time. For example, Fa Wuxian, Zhao Jiangshan, Qin Guang, you, and even people like Lin Yixun have all fallen."

"I know that it is very likely that I will be surpassed by others. In the future, there will be many people who will become stronger and stronger. I don't know who will kill me, but I know that these people have never been the main characters of this era. There is only one main character in this era, and that is you."

Chen Qi said, "The reason I came here today is to ask you a question. I want to see what kind of temperament you have that allows you to stand tall in the world without collapsing.

No one can challenge your position. No matter how strong you are, no one can threaten you. In fact, you have everything in your hands. " Chen Qi understood this much better than Qin Guang. After Qin Guang was born, he thought that he could compete with Gu Chensha and even kill Gu Chensha.

Chen Qi knew the difference between him and Gu Chensha. He wasn't as arrogant as Qin Guang, which was his strength. In fact, if Gu Chensha hadn't shown him, he wouldn't have been able to find Gu Chensha's existence.

Even if Gu Chensha was right in front of him, he wouldn't have been able to find Gu Chensha's dimension. Gu Chensha's realm was far beyond his understanding.

Even though he was about to break through a trillion years of lifespan, it was useless. He couldn't find Gu Chensha's weakness, nor could he find the flaw in the virtual interface.

"I'm not as powerful as you say. I'm just good at learning and can integrate everything into my own knowledge. My advice to you is to study everything that can be studied, break through all superficial substances and phenomena, and finally find the highest value in the true nature of things," Gu Chensha said. "I long for myself to be replaced and defeated by others." "Gu Chensha, if Zhou Qin and the other five combine and become one, will they be stronger than me?" At this time, Chen Qi seized the time and asked his question.

"That's right. Currently, if Zhou Qin, Hong Yi, Wang Chao, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li devour each other and transform, they can pose a threat to me. However, it's also very difficult for them to devour each other, causing me to be unable to achieve what I want. However, I don't want to interfere and let nature take its course."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Alright, time will prove everything. You've already created an unbelievable universe. This universe's level is very high, and it can nurture countless experts. You can comprehend more things from it." As he spoke, Gu Chensha disappeared. This strange space also completely disappeared.

Chen Qi was left in the void, at a loss. Even though he had reached such a level, he was as weak as a newborn baby in front of Gu Chensha.

"After so long, I still haven't found a single flaw in Gu Chensha. Is he invincible, or am I just too weak? Just how strong is he? "

Chen Qi thought for a long time. He repeatedly analyzed the scene of his meeting with Gu Chensha, as well as his space. However, Gu Chensha was an eternal mystery in front of him. There was no possibility of him peeking at it. In other words, Chen Qi didn't even know what kind of existence Gu Chensha was. Was he a human or not? Or was he a mass of vital energy? A mass of energy? A mass of matter? He didn't understand. That was extremely terrifying. He almost didn't have the courage to make a move.

In other words, if Gu Chensha wanted to deal with him, he wouldn't even want to fight back. That was because fighting back would be meaningless.

"Looks like I still have to keep improving. Otherwise, falling to the level of Qin Guang is too terrifying. I don't believe that I'll also stand at the peak. "

Chen Qi's body flickered, and he vanished. "However, I seem to have obtained some information from Gu Chensha. He said that if Zhou Qin and the others work together, they'll be a threat to him. What he means is that if I can learn the secret of the six of them working together, I'll be invincible.

I don't want to devour them. I just want to unravel the secret and replicate it. That should be where Gu Chensha's secret lies. I couldn't find any room for improvement, but now I've found it. "

Chen Qi began his plan. He locked onto Zhou Qin and the others, as they were the most important opportunities for him to improve.

Actually, after reaching the Undying level, all paths ahead of him would be severed. Without the experience of others to learn from, he would have to forge his own path.

Therefore, every opportunity was extremely important, especially for someone like Chen Qi. If he wanted to improve and break through a trillion years of lifespan, it would be extremely difficult. He wouldn't be able to find any direction.

"Right now, our opportunity to improve is actually because of the six of them working together. Everyone, how's your research on Chen Qi going?" In a mysterious space, Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, and the others were still researching.

"This is our chance. We just need to let Chen Qi do his research, and we'll get results.

Wen Hong said, "However, the changes to the Myriad Realms are still unclear. I have a feeling that in less than ten thousand years, another existence that can stand shoulder to shoulder with Chen Qi will be born. I just don't know who that person will be.

We haven't figured out the pattern yet. In fact, if Chensha doesn't show up, someone like Chen Qi will be the first. " Zhuge Ya said, "If we can figure out the pattern, we'll have grasped a supreme realm."