Chapter 944
===========

The Four Women Chapter 941 The Four Women Trillions of worshippers converged into an ocean.

Long Xiangtian, Liu Chansha, Ye Qingyi, and the others formed various hand seals to refine and break down the sacrificial power. In the end, golden runes appeared. These runes were the Undying substance.

"These people are quite capable. They can actually refine Undying substance from the sacrificial power. Of course, this Undying substance isn't true Undying to me. It's very thin and of very low quality.

But for Celestial Venerables, Heavenly Longevity, and even Divine Primordial cultivators, they can't refine Undying substance like this. "Gu Chensha nodded.

At the later stages of cultivation, the most important thing was to see who could refine Undying substance from the sacrificial power. And the purer the Undying substance, the higher the cultivation level. There were many types of Undying substance.

In the past, Gu Chensha's standards were the Undying of an individual, the Undying of a family, the Undying of a country, the Undying of a world, and the Undying of all living beings.

However, this classification was a bit crude. It was difficult to summarize the essence and quality of Undying substance.

Later, Gu Chensha reclassified Undying substance into nine levels. The first level of Undying could be called Void Undying. Void meant unreal and impractical. The second level was Minute Undying, which meant it had a tiny hint of reality. The third level was Minor Undying.

The fourth level was Medium Undying. The fifth was Great Undying. The sixth was Eternal Undying. The seventh was True Undying. The eighth was Undying. The ninth was Undying.

Gu Chensha had reached the eighth level, Undying. In other words, he could refine Undying substances from the sacrificial power. In reality, Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian were both at this level. Neither Heavenly Dao nor Gu Taxian had reached the ninth level, the Undying Undying.

Undying was the Undying of all living beings. If all living beings reached Undying, then there was no Undying. This level of cultivation was extremely profound, and it couldn't be described with words.

The reason why Gu Chensha was still inferior to Tiandao and Gu Taxian was not because of the difference in realm, but because he lacked experience. However, even if Tiandao and Gu Taxian were at their peak, they might not be able to kill the current Gu Chensha. In other words, the current Gu Chensha was almost on par with the Heavenly Dao Gu Taxian.

From Gu Chensha's point of view, the immortality that Long Xiang Tian, Liu Chansha, and Ye Qingyi had refined from the sacrificial power were only the second and third minor immortal.

Even when the Emperor Of Heaven created the Heavenly Court, the substance he extracted was merely level 7 true undying.

If the Emperor Of Heaven could refine the eighth level of Immortality, the Heavenly Court wouldn't have to face tribulations, and they wouldn't need to find someone to stop the calamity. Eternally tranquil, eternally impervious to all tribulations. Therefore, in terms of realm, the Emperor Of Heaven was actually a level lower than Gu Chensha.

The reason why Gu Chensha couldn't destroy the Emperor Of Heaven was simple. The Heavenly Dao was still there, and it was continuously supporting the Emperor Of Heaven. Moreover, it was constantly preparing for a counterattack. Gu Chensha had to be very careful. As long as he comprehended the ninth level of Undying, he wouldn't be afraid of anything. He could suppress everything and create an eternal civilization.

"Although Heavenly Venerables don't need to absorb primal chaos energy, spiritual energy, or immortal energy to increase their realm, they still need the power of sacrificial power. However, they don't know how to refine immortality. They only know how to absorb it. After absorbing, the power of sacrificial power will settle in their bodies and contain some immortality. That's all. In the end, they will still die.

"It's the same for the Heavenly Longevity stage. As for the Heaven Primordial stage, you can see some of the characteristics of sacrificial power, and begin to refine it.

"However, the refining method is very crude. My Dragonless Heart Sutra doesn't refine other people's sacrificial power, but my own sacrificial power. My own heart is a huge, endless treasure trove. Extracting true immortality from within is the best method." Gu Chensha watched as the three of them carried out the refinement.

The refined immortality runes formed the core of the spell formation, and were constantly boiling. Through all sorts of secret channels, they seemed to be calling out to the most fundamental existence in their bloodline. Even Gu Chensha could feel something calling out to him from deep within his heart.

"Right, the three of them are using ageless to summon the mutated essence. I have also devoured Gu Tiansha's mutated essence before. That is why my body contains it. Naturally, I can feel the summoning. Let's see what they can summon." Gu Tiansha waited patiently.

In his opinion, the three of them were in his pocket, and he could capture them at any time. However, he was afraid of alerting them. Moreover, he calculated that the three of them still had some use. They could be a great hindrance to the Emperor Of Heaven and the human world.

Therefore, he kept the three of them alive for the time being. It was equivalent to fattening them up before killing them.

Moreover, he had already divined that Liu Chansha was the most unfathomable of the three. She was carrying out some sort of plot, and if she succeeded, she would be able to deal a heavy blow to the Heavenly Court.

From a certain perspective, Liu Chansha and the others' greatest enemies were the Heavenly Court and the Emperor Of Heaven. If the Heavenly Court won and unified the world, Liu Chansha and the others would definitely not be able to live. The Emperor Of Heaven would not allow such people to exist. On the contrary, if Gu Chensha won, he would tolerate the existence of Liu Chansha, Long Xiangtian, and the others. Gu Chensha believed that Liu Chansha could see this.

Therefore, keeping these people alive would be of great use to deal with the Emperor Of Heaven and cause trouble for the Emperor Of Heaven. Buzz …

Waves of runes formed the summoning of the grand formation, fusing into the void. After a day and a night, a person suddenly appeared outside the grand formation.

It was a woman who looked to be about seventeen or eighteen years old. However, there were rings of light behind her head. Within the rings of light were many Immortal Substances. These Immortal Substances formed countless weapons, stars, suns, moons, humans, and all living beings.

"This woman has a large amount of Variation Origin Source."

With one look, Gu Chensha could tell that this woman's Variation Origin Source was larger and denser than Ye Qingyi's.

"Oh?

So it's the master of the Soaring Dragon Realm. You are also existences who have obtained Variation Origin Source. You are summoning together. "The seventeen or eighteen year old girl looked at Ye Qingyi, Long Xiangtian, and Liu Chansha.

"Little sister, may I know your name?

We are all existences born from Variation Origin Source. It can be said that we are the pure-blooded children of the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian. We are the absolute royal family of the world. Even the Emperor Of Heaven cannot be counted because the Emperor Of Heaven was born from the Heavenly Dao. Therefore, I feel that this world should be controlled by us. Don't you think so? "Liu Chansha said.

"So that's how it is. It seems that you have formed an alliance?"

The seventeen or eighteen year old girl giggled: "My original name was Yun Ni, but after I obtained the mutated source, I gave myself a new name, Yun Nisha. Long Xiang Tian, Liu Chansha, the two of you established the Soaring Dragon Celestial Realm. In my opinion, the essence of your realm is plundering. This concept is even worse than Heavenly Emperor, let alone Gu Chensha's Eternal Realm. I feel that we can join hands and join Eternal World. How about it? We can learn the Dragonless Cultivation Method. Maybe we can reach a higher level. "

"What?" Long Xiangtian's expression changed when he heard this. Killing intent rose from the depths of his heart. "Do it!"

He gave the order, and in an instant, the entire spell formation began to boil, sweeping towards the young girl called Yun Nisha. The spell formation covered the sky and the earth, and as it swept forward, it was about to envelop Yun Nisha.

However, with a slight movement, the Cloud Nissar actually managed to escape. Then, three more people appeared beside it. These three people were actually three women.

In other words, including Yun Nisha, there were a total of four women who had appeared. All four of them had obtained the Variant Origin. The Variation Origin Source aura on them was stronger and thicker than the last. Among them, the strongest aura was four to five times that of Long Xiangtian.

The four women formed a formation. With a violent shake, it tore apart Long Xiangtian's, Liu Chansha's, and Ye Qingyi's formation.

"Big Sister, these three wanted to kill me. Luckily, we were prepared. Otherwise, wouldn't we have been killed?" Yun Ni said to the woman who was clearly the leader of the group.

Her Variation Origin Source was four to five times that of Long Xiangtian's. Otherwise, she wouldn't be the leader.

"Long Xiangtian, your Soaring Dragon Realm is a joke. I know you hate Gu Chensha and want nothing more than to destroy Eternal World, but you don't see the situation clearly.

The female leader said, "I don't want to talk to you. Liu Chansha, you are a clear-headed person. You should be able to see that if the Sky Emperor wins, we will all die. But if Gu Chensha wins, we will be able to live freely." "Oh? May I ask your name? "Liu Chansha asked.

"My name is Ji Ningsha.

Of course, I am the same as Yun Ni. My original name is Ji Ningsha. After obtaining Variation Origin Source, I added the word 'Sha' in order to obtain some kind of destiny.

I think you are the same. Your original name should be Liu Chansha. After obtaining Variation Origin Source, you added the word 'Sha'. " "What are you trying to do?

Since you all have Variation Origin Source and are extremely powerful, why don't you go join Gu Chensha instead of staying in Human World? "

Liu Chansha looked at him and said, "Oh, I understand. In Gu Chensha's Eternal World, you can't get sacrifices. You can only come to the Human World, establish your country, spread your faith, and obtain sacrifices to improve yourself. You have great ambitions.

"More Sacrifice is good. Plus, Human World has many opportunities. With the collapse of Heaven Dao and Gu Taxian, more Variation Origin Source will descend. Who doesn't want more? Aren't you all looking for the biggest Variation Origin Source? "Ji Ningsha said.