Chapter 1111
============

No One Lives Forever Descend

Last time, Gu Chensha had caused the River of Fate to explode. Then, a bunch of peerless Immortal experts appeared. As time passed, more and more peerless Immortal experts would appear.

"Right now, cultivation is very easy in the multiverse. An ordinary person can cultivate to the Dao Realm and absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to live for a few hundred years. Then, with constant improvement, in a few years, they can reach the Golden Core realm and live for a thousand years. After that, they can step into the Magical Power realm and advance all the way to the God realm. Then, they can reach the Sage realm and have a lifespan of ten thousand years. This is also very simple. Breaking through to the Celestial Sovereign realm is also very smooth. Once you reach the Heavenly Longevity realm, you can basically not die. At the Heaven Origin realm, as long as you are not killed by external forces, you can live forever. This is very unreasonable, and there is no way for people to improve in the end. At the same time, even the Undying Realm had their own lifespan limit. Once my lifespan is completely exhausted, I will never be able to revive again. " Gu Chensha observed the infinite worlds with a calm expression.

After that, many lines appeared on his palm and seeped into countless voids. All the universes, even if they were new worlds, old worlds, or not, could not escape the fate of being enveloped by these lines.

Following this, all living beings, whether they were not living beings, heard a voice within their wills. "In the multiverse, no one can live forever. Everything in this world is limited by longevity …"

All the cultivators did not know what had happened. They only felt that there was an extra voice in the depths of their hearts. This voice resounded for a moment and then fell silent. Many people felt that it was an illusion.

In the Old World, in the depths of a sect, many people were cultivating. Suddenly, the Sect Leader and the Elders gaped. "Everyone, do you know what happened? Did you hear anything? "

"Sect Master, we all heard it. It wasn't a hallucination." All of the elders whispered to each other, feeling incredibly shocked.

"Have you discovered anything strange?" the Headmaster asked the others.

"We didn't find anything out of the ordinary. The sound disappeared in an instant."

There was a youth with extremely tyrannical fate energy who was the holy son of the entire sect. His aura was oppressive, but right now, he was also endlessly shocked. Suddenly, his mind stirred as he seemed to summon something.

In front of him, a virtual interface appeared, and on it, his own information appeared, and his name appeared.

"Ye Chen, the Holy Son of Gu Dongshan, Cultivation Level 3, lifespan 100 years, remaining lifespan 80 years …" "What is this?"

Ye Chen looked at the virtual interface that appeared in front of him. It actually had his exact information and even his lifespan. One hundred years?

"What is going on? I have already cultivated to the 18th transformation of the Dao Realm, the Great Dao Golden Core Realm. I have a golden core in my body, so I should have 1,000 years of lifespan. Why did it shrink by 10 times? This is impossible. Who made this thing? How dare they lie to me! "

Ye Chen did not believe it at all. Why did the virtual panel suddenly appear before him and record data?

"What?"

At this point, the Sect Leader was astonished. "I've cultivated to the Heavenly Origin stage! I'm in the undying and indestructible stage! Why? Why? My lifespan is only 10,000 years! I've already lived for 10,000 years! It says that I can live for another four hours!" "What's going on?"

Some elders were shocked. That was because they also saw their own virtual panels. Their lifespan was recorded on them.

The highest Sect Leader of Gu Dongshan was at Heavenly Origin Realm. He had lived for 10,000 years and had seen many things in the world.

Of course, the formation of the old world didn't have 10,000 years. But that was for the entire multiverse. In the old world, there were many dimensions and the flow of time was different from the total flow of time in the multiverse.

Only one day had passed in the multiverse while hundreds of thousands of years or even hundreds of millions of years had passed in some dimensions.

"Sect Leader, who knows which expert is joking with us? I don't think that this is possible."

Some of the Elders said, "According to what's recorded on our respective Virtual Interface, our lifespan has been greatly reduced. For example, I've already cultivated to the Divine level, so I should be able to live for several thousand years. But now, the Virtual Interface only has a lifespan of several hundred years. I wonder how long the lifespan of an ordinary person is? Ye Chen's lifespan is only 100 years, so normal people's lifespan is only a few decades? Or even lower? I think that this is just a joke. "

"I don't think it's that simple." The elders were all studying it. Some were trying to figure out how the panels came about. Time passed and they didn't get any results.

"Okay, with our cultivation, I'm afraid that we won't be able to figure anything out."

The Sect Leader said, "I should go and find our Dimension Master. He has already reached Heavenly Path and the Immortal Power in his body is at True Immortal Realm. He must know the cause and effect of this matter."

While speaking, the Sect Leader looked at his own panel. It showed that he only had 10 breaths of time left.

"Does that mean that I will die in 10 breaths?" The Sect Leader shook his head. "What a joke. How is that possible?" A disdainful smile appeared on his face.

However, after 10 breaths of time, the panel showed that his lifespan reached zero and he was completely dead. Boom! The virtual panel collapsed.

In the blink of an eye, the Sect Leader's body began to crumble inch by inch, transforming into a puff of green smoke that completely disappeared. There was no trace of his aura left.

"Sect Leader, Sect Leader …" Everyone was shocked because they had seen the Sect Leader die in front of them. He had died completely and cleanly.

"Could it be that the lifespan shown on the panel is real?" Everyone was shocked.

"Oh no, oh no …" At that moment, some disciples rushed in and reported, "In our sect, everyone has a virtual panel in front of them. It shows their lifespan. When their lifespan ends, they will die. The lifespan shown on the panel has been greatly reduced." This sect was just a small microcosm.

In every corner of the multivariate universe, even the most powerful existence couldn't escape from this restriction. The entire multivariate universe, the endless spacetime, and the laws of life's lifespan had been changed by some irresistible power. This was caused by Gu Chensha.

In the entire world, whether it was the past, present, or future, only he had the power to change all living beings and all the laws.

Even the minor figures who had discovered the virtual panel could not escape from it. Even the major figures who had cultivated to the Supreme Immortal Realm couldn't escape from it.

"What's going on? Why did such a thing appear?"

As soon as the Dharma Saint reached the Supreme Immortal Realm, he found that everything in the world had changed drastically. A virtual panel appeared in front of him, showing his lifespan.

"Dharma Saint, Supreme Immortal Realm, Level 98, Lifespan 999,999,999 years. Lifespan consumed …" The Dharma Saint looked at the information on the panel with a marvelous expression.

"What?

The Supreme Immortal Realm still has lifespan? Even if you cultivate to the Heavenly Longevity Realm, your lifespan is the same as the heavens. You can basically say you're undying. And the Heaven Origin Realm is even more so. Why is my lifespan only one billion years? Even an ordinary planet is longer than my lifespan. Why? "The Dharma Saint roared.

A lifespan of a billion years might seem like a long time, but to experts, it didn't count for much. True experts could manipulate time and change everything. Forget a billion years, even ten billion years would pass in the blink of an eye. Life and space-time were meaningless to them. That was true for Heaven-Dao experts, and even more so for the Invincible Deathless level. But now that they had reached the Invincible Deathless level, they were bound by lifespan. In that case, what was the point of cultivation?

"Who? Who is it? Who has such power? "A person suddenly appeared in the Dharma Saint's mind. It was Gu Chensha.

"Gu Chensha, it's you. You're a devil. You're not human."

The Dharma Saint roared. "You actually did something like this? You changed the lifespan of everything. What do you want? Do all living beings in this world have no hope of eternal life? No, I must fight. I must kill you. I must break this shackle of life. " The Dharma Saint was completely enraged.

"You see, the Dharma Saint can't accept this. But his philosophy is to use the law to govern the world. But when it comes to him, he feels that something is wrong." Gu Chensha noticed the Dharma Saint's roar, but he didn't say anything.

"We also have lifespan, but our lifespan is much longer than the Dharma Saint's. And it's still increasing." Lou Baiyue looked at her panel.

"Of course."

Gu Chensha said. "When you follow me, because your realm is constantly increasing, the consumption of your lifespan can't keep up with the increase." "Chensha, what about you? What's your lifespan? Do you have such a panel? "Wen Hong asked.

"I don't."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Because there is nothing in this world that can kill me. Even I can't destroy myself and make myself die. That's why I can't condense my own Interface. This is one of the things that I can't do in this world." At Gu Chensha's realm, it was true that he couldn't destroy himself.