Chapter 196
===========

"This Black Tortoise baby is probably stronger than an eighteen -transformation Golden Core Great Dao cultivator."

Lou Baiyue studied it for a moment. "But it's a supreme treasure now. Even the sect masters of the immortal dao would scramble for it. If someone like Wen Hong were to capture it, it probably wouldn't be able to resist.

Moreover, the Black Tortoise is of great use to the monster race. The Nest of 10,000 Dragons will definitely do everything in its power to capture it. " "I'm worried about that as well, but at least it's hatched now. It's much stronger than before."

Gu Chensha looked at the castle around him. The instant the Black Tortoise hatched, immortal qi flourished, turning the ground and walls of the castle, as well as the depths of the ground, the color of amethyst.

Especially underground, there were many passageways that twisted and turned like a maze. Deep within the maze were large amounts of immortal qi crystals that formed a formation. The Black Tortoise's nest was almost complete.

"I'm not afraid. I'll build my nest here. No one can catch me in the nest."

The black tortoise looked around for a moment, then shrank its head back into the ground. "Father, I'm going to burrow into the depths of the earth and continue building my nest. It won't be easy for the bad guys to catch me down there. Father, find me some treasures of heaven and earth, or some magical items that I can use to build my nest." "Treasures?"

Gu Chensha took out the treasures he'd obtained from killing the three Barbarian Kings and the Thunder Beast King. He even took out the beast's corpse. Smack, smack. The Black Tortoise swallowed them all in a few bites. How did it have such a huge appetite? Gu Chensha knew that there was a natural space inside the Black Tortoise's body.

"You can swallow all sorts of treasures?" Lou Baiyue exclaimed.

"Every magical treasure has been refined through countless painstaking efforts by a cultivator," said Meng Hao. "In addition, there are many natural treasures, all of which contain rich essence energy. After I swallow them, I can digest them and break them down into their original natural treasures, which are good things for my nest. This nest isn't sturdy enough yet. "

With a whoosh, the Black Tortoise burrowed into the ground from the sacrificial altar, its whereabouts unknown.

Lou Baiyue split her divine sense and used her soul tentacles to observe the fist-sized hole under the altar. She discovered that the Black Tortoise Baby was digging around in the ground. It really did seem to be building something.

The Black Tortoise baby spat out the treasure it had swallowed, which turned into a sticky liquid. Any treasure could be digested, but the mysterious essence energy of the treasure itself was still there.

"The Black Tortoise is of the water attribute, and water can moisten all living things. The Black Tortoise itself is also an expert in refining magic treasures. This is the inheritance of an ancient divine beast, and it is more brilliant than the methods of the Myriad Treasures Profound Gate. However, this method cannot be learned. It relies on its own True Life Water to melt treasures."

Lou Baiyue observed for a long time. "The Four Divine Beasts of the Primordial Era were all experts in refining treasures. The Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise. Needless to say, the Azure Dragon had the trait of being obsessed with collecting treasures. The White Tiger had the metal attribute and was most proficient in forging divine weapons. The Vermilion Bird had the fire attribute and could smelt anything.

In the future, this castle of yours will be continuously refined by the Black Tortoise to construct a nest. I'm afraid that even I won't be able to enter. "

Gu Chensha also felt the changes in the foundation of the castle. He knew that with a Black Tortoise building a nest every day, the changes here would change with each passing day. In the future, it might become a truly stable foundation. "This isn't our own strength either. That's right, that Luo Xiu said that he would come to the Calming Immortal Department to pay taxes. At the same time, he handed over the name list. This is the first sect that our Calming Immortal Department has subdued. I wonder how much taxes there will be?"

"Even the most despicable of immortal dao sects are overflowing with fat. Moreover, Luo Xiu's Three Extreme Sect is only a second-rate sect."

Lou Baiyue felt that her cultivation with Gu Chensha had already come to an end. "Now that our strength has greatly improved, the Calming Immortal Department should also start doing things.

Regardless of whether Luo Xiu sincerely submitted to us, he still has to establish an image for the Profound Immortal Dao Sect. Let's go, let's return to the Calming Immortal Department and bring this person away. "

Luluha's clone, Li Yaoyang, was still here. He had completely converted and was as obedient as Yi Ming. Gu Chensha nodded. "I will make arrangements here and ask about the situation in the fief."

After saying this, he called over his little foster son, Yi Ming, and inquired in detail about the capital flow of the fief, the various harvests, finances, talents, business, economy, and so on. After asking for a long time, he felt that the development was satisfactory.

His little foster son was also in high spirits. He had already become a genius after consuming that Dragon Pellet. He was completely capable of running the entire fief, not to mention that he had an experienced person like Yi Ming working together with him. The economy of the entire fief was orderly, gradually increasing, and flourishing.

"Grandpa, there are five sources of income for our fief now. The first is the medicine hall's medicinal pills, the second is planting, the third is breeding, the fourth is forging weapons, and the fifth is business taxes.

In total, we earn about thirty million every month. Of course, this does not include the Fire Dates and Purplish Green Immortal Peaches produced in our castle. "His little foster son reported.

The medicine hall's medicinal pills naturally came from the various medicinal pills produced by the Wang Venomous Insect and the Blue Venomous Insect Poison Sect. This was the main source of income. The rest of the planting and breeding were done by the barbarian slaves and the six Thousand Year Bone Demons.

The barbarian slaves were originally difficult to manage, but with the six Thousand Year Bone Demons suppressing them, all of them were obedient.

The barbarians looked down on humans in their bones, but they worshipped and feared terrifying creatures like the Bone Demons.

Moreover, after Bao Ming 'er had refined the Thousand Year Bone Demons, their intelligence had increased. They never stopped working. They opened up land, planted crops, captured Raging Bull for breeding, built houses, roads, canals, and drew rivers. All of these projects were done by one person, which was equivalent to a million laborers. Because of this, the income from planting and breeding increased rapidly.

As for the income from forging weapons and armor, it was relatively insignificant. That was done by Bao Ming 'er's disciples in the branch school. It was not as competitive as the Heavenly Designer Institute. However, Gu Chensha still sent people to learn. At least with the basic knowledge, the fief would not lack craftsmen and craftsmen.

"Thirty million a month?"

Lou Baiyue nodded repeatedly after hearing this. "This is already a very shocking number. It is almost equal to the total income of all the princes' fiefs." "This was actually all created by the six Thousand Year Bone Demons."

Gu Chensha said, "Now that the Buzhou Palace has been taken by Wen Hong, the suppressed Demon Domain will appear. Many demons will come out. When that time comes, we can take in a few Thousand Year Bone Demons as puppets. We can do a lot of things." "Of course. Demons, ghosts, and monsters must be used to their full potential."

Lou Baiyue saw that Gu Chensha had finished arranging everything in the fief. She was the first to fly, heading toward the yamen of the Celestial Calmness Department. Gu Chensha naturally followed behind.

The huge yamen of the Celestial Calmness Department towered over the Wild Plains, majestic and extraordinary.

But at this time, this yamen had just been established and had not yet had any results. Many factions inside and outside the court were watching it as a joke. Because even the most prudent person knew that collecting taxes from the Immortal Dao was not something that could be accomplished by just three people.

When the two of them landed in the Celestial Calmness Department, someone immediately came to greet them. It was Long Zaifei and Lou Huaiyue.

"Department Heads, Three Extremes Sect's Sect Master Luo Xiu, as well as the Sect Masters of the Xijian Gate, Demon Hunter Sect, and Hunting Origin Hall, these four Immortal Dao sects have arrived long ago. But because the two Department Heads are still cultivating in seclusion, they have remained here. Right now, Prince Hua is entertaining them. "Long Zaifei was the first to greet and report.

His every action had rules and regulations. He was solemn and cautious, and he had developed a bearing.

Unparalleled geniuses were unparalleled geniuses. Their cultivations were different every day. They could advance even while lying down. Lou Huaiyue was even more unfathomable.

"Bring me to see them."

Lou Baiyue waved her hand and came to the main hall of the Celestial Calmness Department. She saw the sect masters of the four Immortal Dao sects sitting and chatting with The Fourth while drinking tea.

"Nineteen and Baiyue are here."

When The Fourth saw the two of them come in, he was instantly overjoyed. He then looked at their complexions. "Congratulations, congratulations. Your cultivations have improved greatly. I think that even if you meet that Xiao Yan again, you might still be able to fight."

Hearing this, Luo Xiu and the others looked at each other. Their expressions changed and they stood up in unison. "Greetings, Minister."

"No need to be so polite." Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha sat down. "The Fourth, have you finished chatting with them?" "Yes."

The Fourth's position was below Lou Baiyue. When he saw the situation, he said, "These four came here five days ago. They brought their sect's name list and the taxes they should pay. For this, I specially went to their mountain gate to check and found that what they said was true." "Minister, this is the name list and name list." Long Zaifei handed over the name list. Lou Baiyue looked at it carefully and handed it over to Gu Chensha. Only then did she close it.

"There are many things on this name list. They are all kinds of materials, fruits, spirit grains, as well as gold, silver, jade, and a few treasures.

It is pretty much the same as the taxes of a few states. As expected, the celestial path sects are really extraordinary. If the ancient 72 sects are willing to pay taxes, then how would the people of the world be hungry? Even if the population increased by 10,000 times, it wouldn't be a problem. These four sects are just second or third rate in the celestial path, or even fourth or fifth rate. They can't compare to even 1% of any of the 72 sects. "

Gu Chensha observed the few of them. Apart from Luo Xiu being the strongest, the others were at Dao Realm Nine and Ten Transformations. Although their cultivation was pretty much invincible in the mortal world, in the celestial path, they were just average.

However, to be able to open a sect in the celestial path, one had to at least have the Dao Realm Nine Transformations Glass Body. The celestial path was long and just 100 years passed in the blink of an eye. Only the Glass Body had 300 years of lifespan could barely open a sect.

The main goal of opening a sect was to find a good disciple. Who knows, maybe one would benefit from it.

In history, there were some small sects that were about to be wiped out. The sect leader's lifespan was about to come to an end, but he suddenly found a genius as a disciple. That disciple's cultivation increased by leaps and bounds. In a short few decades, he had many fortuitous encounters and actually made the sect flourish. He even helped his master extend his lifespan. There were many such examples. Power in the human world gathered, and it was the same for celestial path sects.

"All of you are willing to pay taxes and also willing to let the Imperial Court count your sects. You have all taken the initiative to convert. This is a great deed."

Lou Baiyue thought about it, "The four of you don't have to leave for now. Wait for the court meeting and I will bring you up to meet the Emperor. There will definitely be rewards for you.

Also, don't think that the Imperial Court is just collecting. Our main mission is to mediate the conflicts in the celestial path. The four of you belong to the Imperial Court and I believe you have many problems. Report them to the Imperial Court and they will help you solve them. Tell me about your problems. "