Chapter 79
==========

"Your mission this time around is to attack along this route."

Lou Baiyue pointed to the route on the map. "This tribe, this one, and finally this one. This is a Barbarian Temple, with many barbarian tribes in the center. As long as you occupy this Barbarian Temple, it will be equivalent to having a sturdy fortress. After two to three months, you will be able to send more people over and develop it into your fief." "I already know."

Gu Chensha clapped his hands. "Excellent, Emperor Father is not only testing the princes' combat prowess, but also their ability to govern. If you don't have the ability to govern, even if you conquer the Barbarian Temple, you won't be able to defend it, not to mention developing your fief." Letting the princes go out to conquer their fief was to tempt them with benefits. Establishing their fief was a test of governance. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor's methods were truly unfathomable.

Gu Chensha felt that after this war, not only would he grow stronger, the other princes would also grow to a terrifying extent.

"His Majesty has already given the order to rest and reorganize for ten days. All the princes will leave their seclusion and enter the Desolate Mountains.

In these ten days, everyone will prepare their resources and gather all the experts. "Lou Baiyue continued," My route is very close to yours. This was specially arranged by His Majesty. "

"There are dozens of marching routes on this map, and they are arranged layer by layer. Each route is the marching route of a prince. Father is really thoughtful. If the princes didn't divide it like this, there would be infighting and fighting among themselves when the princes attacked together, which would weaken their fighting power.

Gu Chensha had already started to plan the route in his heart. How could he occupy the Barbarian Temple as a fortress, stabilize it, and recruit more talents?

If he conquered his own fief, the meaning behind it would be completely different. It would be equivalent to a small independent kingdom. Currently, all the princes and princes only had manors and manors, but no fief. The feudal system had been abolished a long time ago.

From there, the country would be unified. Now, this was an opportunity. Whoever could be ahead of everyone else would be able to establish a colossal power.

Within their fief, they could set their own laws and regulations. As long as they didn't go overboard and cause the commoners to suffer, the imperial court wouldn't care.

"This is the information I prepared. You can go back and take a look."

Lou Baiyue took out a leather pouch, which was filled with maps and official documents. It was obvious that there was a detailed deployment for this battle. "This attack on the Wilderness is no small matter. Although we have a lot of people, the Barbarians outnumber us by a thousand, ten thousand times. Our marching routes are close to each other, so we have to help each other. The reason why I let Si, Mei, and Xue Sanxiang follow you is also to keep in touch with me. "

"There are so many experts in the barbarian race. Last time, Barbarian King wanted to use the teleportation gate. I heard that Barbarian King Kalo was at Dao Realm Transformation Twelve. No matter how strong I was, I would be instantly killed if I faced him." Gu Chensha was a little worried.

"There's nothing we can do about it. Military orders must be obeyed. This time, the Emperor has made up his mind to test the princes in the process of blood and fire. It's not surprising that some princes will fall in this battle. It all depends on your ability and luck."

Lou Baiyue sized up Gu Chensha, "Your strength is too low. You haven't even reached Dao Realm, so it will be tough."

"Actually, there isn't a huge difference between Grandmaster Realm and the first five transformations of Dao Realm. To kill enemies, we use our fists and flesh.

Only when we reach the sixth transformation will we give birth to Xiantian Energy. Don't think that I am a Mortal Realm Grandmaster, it won't be so easy for someone at Dao Realm Transformation Three to kill me. "

Gu Chensha's tone was gentle, but he could not let Lou Baiyue look down on him. It was true that he had always hidden his strength, but if they were to talk about cooperation now, he might be at a disadvantage in the future if he purposely showed weakness.

Moreover, Heaven Talisman Emperor wanted the princes to show off their strength and force out their potential.

"Is that so?" Lou Baiyue's expression changed. She picked up the flower with her fingers and pulled it towards him. Weng …

The airflow in the room seemed to have collapsed. With her at the center, it formed a huge suction force that tried to suck Gu Chensha over.

Just a simple grab made it feel like the sky was collapsing. Her martial arts were just too terrifying.

Gu Chensha didn't even think about it. He moved his legs and slapped forwards. He struck out with two palms which were the weakest points of Lou Baiyue's martial arts. With a peng, the room shook slightly. He had already escaped from the range of that move.

"Good!"

Lou Baiyue praised. She moved lightly and her fingers had the effect of shrinking one's body into an inch. Her fingers had already touched the acupoint on Gu Chensha's chest.

Gu Chensha felt his chest go numb. Without thinking, he retracted his body and spun once more. His feet didn't touch the dust and he was like a wisp of smoke as he appeared at the other side of the room.

However, Lou Baiyue's people were one step ahead of him. They seemed to have predicted that he would escape here. Another three fingers tapped lightly, sealing off all his escape routes.

Don't be fooled by Lou Baiyue's slender hands. Her fingers were as tender as spring onions. If they hit, even steel would turn into powder.

"So fast. She predicted the enemy's moves."

Gu Chensha immediately judged that unless he used Sun Moon Kill to block this move, he wouldn't be a match for Lou Baiyue.

However, he wasn't one to admit defeat. Recently, his cultivation was close to completion and he had the intention to move quickly.

At the moment when the three fingers were about to touch him, he extended his arms outwards. He actually left the middle part of his body wide open, allowing her to attack freely. His two wings flew out and attacked Lou Baiyue's temples.

This was a method of mutual destruction. Lou Baiyue's three fingers could pierce through his body. However, he could also severely injure her head before he died. Although he couldn't kill her, he could still injure her. This was the best way to get out of this situation.

Of course, Lou Baiyue wasn't willing to do that. She just wanted to test Gu Chensha's cultivation and not fight to the death.

She retreated slightly. Her palms were already raised, appearing and disappearing like a ghost. She forcefully received Gu Chensha's attack aimed at her temples. Peng!

Gu Chensha was obstructed by the huge force, and his whole body flew out, crashing into the wall. A large hole appeared in the sturdy wall, and stone chips fell continuously. Fortunately, his body was tough, and he wasn't injured. However, his blood and Qi were in turmoil, and his body was numb. He couldn't move, and only recovered after ten breaths.

"This woman's martial arts are really strong. Even if I use Sun Moon Kill, I won't be able to harm her. She is even stronger than the barbarian race nine-star general." Gu Chensha took out some of Lou Baiyue's trump cards but she definitely didn't use her full strength.

"Your martial arts are really strong. A Barbarian Race nine-star general who is at Dao Realm Transformation Three can't kill you." Lou Baiyue praised, "If you step into Dao Realm, your combat strength will increase once more."

"Your cultivation has reached Dao Realm Transformation Three? Copper Skin Iron Bones?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Not yet, but I can break through at any moment."

Lou Baiyue smiled, "I don't want to break through so quickly. That isn't a good thing. I need to accumulate for a period of time and when the conditions are right, my Dao will overflow. You might not understand this realm." "So, Lou Baiyue has also touched this realm."

Gu Chensha felt like he had underestimated the people in the world and thought that only he understood the theory of overflowing Dao.

"Okay, I understand your martial arts."

Lou Baiyue said again, "It's hard to improve your strength now. It's better to recruit soldiers and buy horses. The Emperor has given you full authority to handle the recruitment of the Baoyu Nation. I think you can also contact the Seventh Princess of the Baoyu Nation to join the campaign.

Not only is her martial arts strong, but she is also really strong. With her help, we have a high chance of success. "

"The most important thing is to contact all the experts we can." Gu Chensha nodded his head and picked up the documents, "Since that is the case, then I will head back to prepare." He said his goodbyes and brought the Three Incenses back to his courtyard. Yi Ming was teaching Liu Yu and the others.

Their sword techniques were really exquisite and they were one with the sword. Essence blood was injected into the swords and the five ancient swords seemed to have regained their former glory.

"Eh?" Gu Chensha thought about something, "Liu Yu, come over." "Yes!" The five of them moved and were right in front of him.

"Follow me into the room." At that moment, the Three Incenses wanted to follow Gu Chensha in but Yi Ming stopped them.

Si Xiang's expression changed and she pushed but Yi Ming didn't move at all. His power prevented the three of them from taking even half a step forward.

The Three Incenses knew their stuff and knew that they had met an expert. Both of them exchanged glances and didn't move.

"Yi Ming, they are Countess Yuefu's assistants. They are not servants. Treat them as guests."

Gu Chensha knew that the three of them were Lou Baiyue's trusted subordinates. He couldn't order them around like maids.

"I'm sorry." Yi Ming quickly led the way. "I will arrange rooms for the three ladies and discuss important matters at the same time." "Thank you." The Three Incenses' expression softened and she followed Yi Ming. In the room, Liu Yu and the others stood in a row, "Your Highness, why did you summon us?"

The five of them had been trained for a long time and were loyal. Gu Chensha and Yi Ming observed them secretly and felt that they were sincere. In addition, they had an ancient fortuitous encounter. In the future, they might have some luck that corresponded with them. Hence, Gu Chensha felt that they could be groomed again.

However, the five of them had reached a bottleneck in their cultivation and it wasn't appropriate to spoil them through excessive enthusiasm.

When Gu Chensha saw the five of them practicing swordsmanship, he felt that the five ancient swords were compatible with their blood essence. They were almost one. If he used the Heavenly Dew to improve their swords, what would happen to them?

"Put the swords on the table," Gu Chensha ordered.

"Yes." The five of them did not hesitate and put the swords on the table side by side. Gu Chensha took out a big gourd and dripped a drop of Heavenly Dew on the five swords one by one.

As soon as the drop was dripped, the swords let out a crisp sound as if they were alive. They were extremely happy. Lines appeared on the swords and they actually absorbed the Heavenly Dew. After a while, they returned to silence.

When a normal dagger was dripped with Heavenly Dew, it would become sharp and tough, becoming a sharp weapon.

Moreover, these were five ancient Elite Weapons. Due to the passage of time, they lost their spirituality. Impurities seeped into the swords and they gradually became like ordinary objects. They needed to absorb spiritual energy again to show their wonders.

A drop of Heavenly Dew was equivalent to being nurtured in the Spirit Gathering Formation for tens of years. Gu Chensha continuously dripped twenty-five drops of Heavenly Dew, five drops on each sword.

In an instant, the five swords shone brightly and they actually moved like spiritual snakes. They breathed and wriggled. They had become spirits.

He had seen the power of the Spell Breaker Celestial Sword before. Hence, he did not care about the waves of the five swords. He only secretly observed the changes. However, after a while, the five swords stopped wriggling and calmed down.