Chapter 220
===========

"The national style of Baoyu is indeed very luxurious. I didn't see any destitute or starving people along the way. Every family lives in a spacious hall, and they all use jade ware. Even the water tanks in some people's houses are made of jade."

Gu Chensha was not idle either. He observed the geography of Baoyu Nation and found that the entire land was full of unparalleled vitality.

Using the Sun Moon Dragon Eyes, he found that deep in the earth, the spirit qi was thick. Countless jade mines were entangled like dragons, deep in the earth's veins. It was almost impossible to mine them all. And in the nearby seabed, there were also jade mines that had formed mountains in the deep sea. The entire land of Baoyu Nation and some of the blessed lands were about the same.

Especially the capital, which was the strongest point of the land. The architect of the city was also an expert, and he had designed the capital in the shape of a lotus flower. The petals bloomed and took root in the ground, absorbing the energy of the jade mines to nourish the royal family. Baoyu Nation was much stronger than the other overseas nations.

It was a pity that there was no truly powerful person who had cultivated to the Golden Core Great Path. Otherwise, their status would be much higher.

After all, Golden Core Great Path characters could live for at least a thousand years. They could protect their families for a long time, and that was enough for them to prosper.

Even the Old-Timers wouldn't want to force a Gold Core Cultivator into a corner. After all, if another Old-Timer took advantage of the situation to save the Gold Core Cultivator, and caused the Gold Core Cultivator to join another sect, it would be very troublesome in the future. Furthermore, the self-detonation of a Gold Core would be extremely destructive.

This time, Gu Chensha had let the Black Tortoise sneak attack to capture the Golden Core and bring it into the Sun Moon Altar. This had caused Gu Huo to lose contact with the Golden Core. Otherwise, it would not have been so easy to subdue the other.

"Our capital is in the shape of a lotus with 108 petals, in accordance with the number of Heavenly Spirits and Earthly Fiends. It corresponds to the stars above and the earth's veins below.

The 36 Heavenly Spirits communicate with the heavens, and the 72 Earthly Fiends communicate with the earth's veins. When combined, the winds and clouds will surge. It is unstoppable. "Frost Jade stood at the city gate, secretly explaining to Gu Chensha. Although Gu Chensha had hidden himself, Frost Jade knew he was behind.

At this time, the city gate opened and a guard of honor walked out. The leader was a man in his thirties, wearing a jade crown and a dragon robe.

"Seventh Sister has returned. When I received the news, I immediately organized a guard of honor to welcome her." The man opened his arms and smiled from ear to ear.

"So it's Your Highness."

Cold Jade Dew did not bow. "At the pier, you already welcomed me once. Is there a need to put on an act this time?" "Seventh Sister has misunderstood me."

The Crown Prince of Precious Jade Country acted as if nothing had happened, "I just received news that Yu Quan was bewitched by a traitor. He actually dared to offend Seventh Sister's jade chariot. This crime is unforgivable.

Seventh Younger Sister, killing him is truly satisfying. There's no need to ruin the relationship between us siblings because of this vile person. "

Gu Chensha watched coldly from the back, nodding in his heart, 'This Yu Huang's character is deep, sinister and cunning, he truly lives up to his reputation.'

The Crown Prince of Baoyu Country was called Yu Huang. His appearance, personality, and how he usually did things had all been investigated. Gu Chensha had seen it before. However, no matter how many schemes he had, they were all useless in the face of absolute power.

This time, Gu Chensha had first defeated Gu Huo, a Golden Dan Dao powerhouse, and then captured the elder of Taiyi Fantasy Sect, Taihe Daoist. If this Crown Prince of Baoyu Country was not tactful, he would not be able to escape death.

However, he would not be careless. He had warned Cold Jade Dew in advance that Taiyi Fantasy Sect and Great Wei Dynasty would not let this go. Apart from that, other forces might also come to have a share of the loot.

After entering Baoyu Country for an investigation, Gu Chensha felt that this country was not ordinary. The jade mines were endless treasures.

It seemed that since ancient times, Jade Deity and Taiyi Fantasy Sect had signed some kind of contract, allowing Yu Clan to guard this place for generations. Otherwise, it would have long been taken away by some powerful forces.

"Where's father?" Cold Jade Dew asked.

"Father is in the palace."

Crown Prince Yu Huang hurriedly said, "He's gathering all the officials to discuss something important. Let's go in together and see what Baoyu Country will do in the future." "That's fine."

Cold Jade Dew glanced at the group of people who came out with the Crown Prince. Some of them nodded, indicating that they were her people.

The group entered the capital city and followed the main road all the way to the royal palace in the center of the city.

The royal palace had also prepared a ceremonial guard and an army. They were all dressed in jade armor and gave off an extremely strong aura. There were many Dao Realm experts in Baoyu Country, and they were all cultivated by Meiyu. Indeed, the officials were gathered in the main hall of the royal palace. An old man sat on the throne. He was the king of Baoyu Country, Cold Jade Dew's father. On the left and right sides of him were the officials of the imperial court. Some of these officials looked worried, some happy, and some confused. They already knew that they were going to be recruited.

"Your daughter pays her respects to father."

Cold Jade Dew bowed to the king, while Long Yuyun and the others stood. They had high Yongchō official positions, so they naturally would not bow to the king of a small country. However, Cold Jade Dew still had to bow to the king.

"Cold Jade Dew, you're here. I'll let Huang Er go out to welcome you. You brothers should not have any conflicts." The king's face was expressionless as he gestured for Cold Jade Dew to stand up.

"Father, your daughter has returned to discuss the matter of being recruited."

Cold Jade Dew did not delay. She knew that she had to finish this matter as soon as possible. There were still many things waiting for her at the Calming Immortal Department.

"What does Huang Er think?" The king asked Crown Prince Yu Huang.

"I feel that this matter needs to be handled by the Crown Prince, Gu Chensha." Crown Prince Yu Huang said, "Let's see if the Yongchō has any sincerity and what conditions he can offer.

Our ancestors and the Jade Deity have signed an agreement with the Taiyi Mystical Sect. Now, the Taiyi Mystical Sect and the Jade Deity are not letting us recruit them. " "Crown Prince, your words are ridiculous."

Cold Jade Dew immediately said, "Father, the Yongchō is powerful now. Even the barbarian gods have been sealed by His Majesty. The 72 Mystical Sects of the Immortal Dao have all submitted. Who can compete?

If we submit now, we can still fight for enough benefits. But when the barbarians are vanquished and the overseas countries are annexed, we will be a lone army overseas. We cannot even protect our clans. " "This humble subject agrees."

At this time, Cold Jade Dew's official came out to speak. "Throughout the ten years of the Yongchō, those who submit have never been mistreated. Those who resist have all been annihilated by the Imperial Dao."

"This subject agrees as well. The Yongchō is already unstoppable. Add to that the fact that the Nineteenth Prince in charge of recruiting is favored by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, and is even in charge of the Calming Immortal Department.

Furthermore, the Nineteenth Prince's cultivation is extremely powerful. I heard that he has the Black Tortoise accompanying him in his fief. He could kill the Thunder Beast King, Thunder Wusha, all by himself. He is already one of the strongest among the princes. "

"Now that the Seventh Princess is an official in the Yongchō and has submitted to the Nineteenth Prince, she has even entered the Calming Immortal Department. In time to come, we will be able to gain even more benefits.

Moreover, the Yongchō has promised us to guard the Treasured Jade Nation for generations to come. It is a fief, and we can even obtain the support of the Heavenly Designer Institute in the future. " "This subject objects!"

At this time, the opposing official stepped out. "We are now kings overseas, living a carefree and unfettered life. If we are recruited, we will be bound by the Yongchō's rules and be exploited. Does everyone still remember how the First Prince, Gu Hengsha, exploited us?" "This subject objects as well."

Another official retorted. "The Yongchō suffered a calamity a few days ago. The earth quaked, the mountains swayed, and the divine continent sank. The Demon Star descended, and the world was thrown into chaos. If we were to be dragged into it, wouldn't we be seeking our own deaths?"

Gu Chensha could see the intensity of the conflict between the two factions in the imperial court. It was beyond his imagination.

The two factions quarreled, and the argument became more and more intense. Both sides argued until their faces were red, and spittle flew everywhere. They quarreled for a full hour before stopping, but there was still no conclusion.

"Alright."

The King felt a headache coming on. He rubbed his forehead. "Today is the end of the court. Later at night, the members of the royal family shall discuss this. This matter concerns the future of the Treasured Jade Nation, and we must not neglect it." Only then did the court disperse, and the officials returned home.

Gu Chensha shook his head. He knew that if he did not use violence, it would be difficult to complete the recruitment. Seeing the quarrel in the court, he roughly understood the state of the Treasured Jade Nation.

After the court was dismissed, he returned to the Seventh Princess's residence and entered her study.

Her study was decorated in an oppressive manner. The floor was made of expensive sea beast skin, and it felt like walking on clouds. The incense burned with special ambergris, and large pieces of jade were used as the walls and floor tiles, forming a formation. Many ancient books were placed on the wide bookshelves. There were thousands of servants in the entire residence, and it was extremely luxurious.

"Hanlu, your residence is not bad. It seems to be more luxurious than the castle where I set out to the sea."

Gu Chensha sat steadily on a wooden armchair. This chair was made of the Strange Scale Fragrant Wood from the bottom of the sea. After sitting on it, his whole body was bathed in the fragrance of the sea, and he felt intoxicated.

Although the castle where he set out to the sea was filled with immortal Qi, little things were not very particular about it.

"Your Highness's residence is guarded by a divine beast. It is not something that my boudoir can compare to." Hanlu quickly reported. "Your Highness has also seen that the court is in an uproar today. We need to use extreme measures to quickly recruit them. " "It is better to stabilize the situation."

Gu Chensha analyzed and said, "It's normal for those who oppose us to do so. I'm not willing to hand over such a huge foundation to others. The most important thing is that after the enlistment, the people of Baoyu Nation will live a better life than they do now. That is the right thing to do, and there will be no chaos." "I will settle these matters. In terms of military force, I have justice, and that is enough. Your Highness only needs to take charge in secret. "

Hanlu said. "In the next few days, I will report everything to Your Highness. In addition, Your Highness can go around my Treasured Jade Nation, especially in the nearby deep sea. You might find some good things, and even ancient treasures."