Chapter 998
===========

Dragon Valley Continent Chapter 995 Dragon Valley Continent

"Fa Wuxian became the Ancestor Devourer. His Dao is the Dao of Devouring, and he even devoured the Underworld and the Earthly Emperor. The Earthly Emperor of the Underworld is extremely powerful. Although he didn't manage to cultivate to the Heaven Realm, with the addition of the Underworld, the many Yin Gods, and the Immortal Power accumulated over the years, even the Heaven Realm experts might not be able to suppress him. He was actually devoured by Fa Wuxian just like that. From this, it can be seen that Fa Wuxian is a great threat to us." Just as Fa Wuxian and Zhang Yi Ren were discussing. In another place in the capital, a few people were also discussing.

They were the Ancestor of Heaven Wu Dangkong, the Variant Ancestor Liu Chan Sha, the Spell Ancestor Dharma Saint, and the Taoist Ancestor Hong Ling Sha.

The four of them gathered together and looked at the River of Fate. They saw the fate of the terrible thing in the River of Fate and Fa Wuxian's fate.

That terrible thing hasn't been born yet. They have some time, but Fa Wuxian has already started to pose a threat to them. Especially Wu Dangkong, she was very uneasy.

She had also cultivated to the Heaven Realm, but her strength was the weakest. Especially the Heaven Realm in her body, it couldn't expand, and it was difficult for it to grow explosively. She knew that her strength would probably stop here. Originally, it was impossible for her to cultivate to the Heaven Realm, but because she obtained a lot of benefits from the Emperor Of Heaven, and the collapse of the Heaven Dao, she painstakingly cultivated, allowing her to take this step.

But she called herself the Ancestor of Heaven, but it didn't match her fate. As a result, the principle of the Heaven Realm in her body couldn't merge with her own nature.

This meant that not only could she not expand the Heaven Realm, she couldn't even produce the power of the Heaven Dao. As a result, her cultivation would naturally stagnate. So she was very worried about herself.

The appearance of Fa Wuxian and his rapid advancement to the Ancestor Devourer made her feel a great sense of crisis. So she wanted to bring these people to discuss.

"Fa Wuxian is a disciple of my school of Legalism."

The Dharma Saint said, "However, I have observed his fate energy, and he is indeed a threat to me. He cultivates the Devouring Dao, called the Devouring Ancestor, and it is very terrifying. He doesn't manage the Heaven Realm in his body, but devours everything in the world. It is a completely plundering Dao.

That's why we can't allow him to grow stronger. But if we try to suppress him, we might end up benefiting others instead. Don't forget, our greatest enemies are Gu Chensha, as well as Ancestor Wu. Ancestor Wu is above us, devouring our destiny. Without Ancestor Wu, all of us would be on equal footing, and wouldn't be in our current state. Hence, we can join forces and negotiate with Fa Wuxian, allowing him to devour Ancestor Wu. What do you think? " "This is a brilliant plan."

The Taoist Ancestor wasn't afraid of the Grand Feather Sand. She was still progressing rapidly, the Heaven Realm in her body was becoming more and more complete, larger and larger, as if it was about to produce Heaven Dao Energy. The so-called Heaven Dao Energy was the eighth level of the Undying Realm, the Undying Realm.

When humans cultivated, they would first reach the seventh level of the Undying Realm, true Undying Realm. Then, they would slowly gather this True Undying Realm. Once the seventh level True Undying Realm was gathered to the extreme, it would explode and open up the Heaven Realm.

After cultivating the Heaven Realm, they would bitterly cultivate and comprehend the eighth level of the Undying Realm.

Then, they would gather the Undying Realm, boil it, and transform it all to break through to the Heaven Realm.

Although they were both in the Heaven Realm, the difference was huge. Some Heaven Realms didn't have the eighth level of the Undying Realm, which meant that they didn't have Heaven Dao Energy.

For example, among the many ancestors in the Heaven Realm, the strongest was naturally the Nihility Ancestor, Gu Huasha. The Heaven Realm in his body had already turned into the eighth level of the Undying Heaven Dao Energy. With just a bit of luck, he could break through and enter the Heaven Realm.

Next would be the Human Ancestor, Zhang Ziran. He occupied the key word 'human', the key Dao. As such, he naturally became very strong.

Next would be the Yi Ancestor, Zhang Yi Ren. He himself contained the ancient Dao Immortal's huge mutated source, plus a terrifying will. Of course, the Taoist Ancestor, the Grand Feather Sand was the same.

The Grand Feather Sand had received the support of many people with mutated source, and also that terrifying will. Furthermore, it was refined by Gu Chensha, so her power was actually above the Yi Ancestor. Next would be the Devouring Ancestor, Fa Wuxian, Dharma Saint, and other ancestors. The Ancestor of Heaven, Wu Dangkong, was the weakest.

"That makes sense. If we let the Devouring Ancestor Fa Wuxian and the Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha fight each other, we can just sit back and reap the benefits. However, Fa Wuxian doesn't seem to be that stupid. He won't become cannon fodder just because of our words, right?" The Ancestor of Heaven, Wu Dangkong, frowned and said.

"The reason why we joined forces was to deal with the Nihility Ancestor. Now, we can just join forces with Fa Wuxian.

However, when we attack together, we will form a group and let him deal with it alone. However, we still need to join forces with the father and son, Yi Ren. "The Dharma Saint seemed to have a card up his sleeve.

"That makes sense. We need to rope in the father and son, especially Zhang Ziran. As the Ren Ancestor, he established the Human Dynasty. He hasn't shown himself all these years, but in reality, his cultivation is strong and he has accumulated fate energy. His name is in line with the overall trend of the Human Realm. He is very strong. "The Divergent Ancestor Liu Chansha said.

"Oh right, so you have a Long Xiangtian in the Other Realm. Although his power was crippled and he was locked up, he didn't die. His fate energy is still there. Even Fa Wuxian can make a comeback, let alone him." The Dharma Saint suddenly said.

"Long Xiangtian suddenly disappeared a hundred years ago.

I think he had some kind of fortuitous encounter. However, it doesn't matter. He will definitely grow up, but even after he grows up, he will still find trouble with Gu Chensha. His hatred for Gu Chensha is deeper than anyone else's. "The Divergent Ancestor Liu Chansha said.

"Let's not talk about him. Let's set up the plan first." The Ancestor of Heaven Wu Dangkong said.

"Alright, I'll go find the Ren Ancestor." The Dharma Saint left.

The other Taoist Ancestor Hongling Sha and the Divergent Ancestor Liu Chansha also left to make their own preparations.

The Ancestor of Heaven Wu Dangkong frowned and activated her concealment technique, as if she was going to hide. Whoosh whoosh whoosh … Wu Dangkong quickly left and hid. She even used a secret technique to hide her fate energy and fate. In an instant, she left the Human Dynasty and came to a secret place in the Human Realm.

This was a continent called the Dragon Valley Continent. This continent was extremely vast and was surrounded by mountains. The weather was pleasant and there were many dragons and humans living on this continent. The humans here did not cultivate the Immortal Dao, nor did they cultivate technology. Instead, they cultivated a type of magic civilization.

This magic civilization was a different way of cultivation. It treated the various energies in the world as elements and used one's Mind Power to refine them, condensing all kinds of spells and creating all kinds of magic equipment and items. Wu Dangkong had long discovered a series of special things about this place.

She even felt that this Dragon Valley Continent might give birth to an ancestor because she could feel the fate energy of this continent boiling. If she could directly devour this ancestor when it was born, she would be able to break through.

The Dragon Valley Continent was extremely vast. There were thousands of human countries, all kinds of dragons, magical beasts, magic academies, and so on. There were many experts, such as the God of Magic, the Sage of Magic, the Great Emperor of Magic, and the Lord of Magic. These experts were equivalent to the God, Sage, Heavenly Lord, and Heavenly Longevity Realm.

Among them, there were even higher-level existences, which were the experts of the Divine Origin Realm.

Wu Dangkong had been secretly supporting the emperors and magic academies of many countries in order to gain complete control over the Dragon Valley Continent. However, she only controlled it in the dark and did not do it openly. She was afraid that if she did it openly, she would change the fate of the Dragon Valley Continent. If that happened, the Ancestor of Magic would not be able to be born and her plan would fail.

"In my opinion, I have to use a series of plans to increase the fate energy of the Dragon Valley Continent and increase the magic civilization. Then, I will urge the birth of the Ancestor of Magic." Wu Dangkong suddenly enveloped the entire Dragon Valley Continent with a wave of energy. In this vast Dragon Valley Continent, the flow of time suddenly accelerated.

At the same time, a lot of energy was also injected into the Dragon Valley Continent. Wu Dangkong was using her own energy to increase the fate energy of the Dragon Valley Continent. After a full three days and three nights, 30,000 years had passed in the Dragon Valley Continent. That's right, 30,000 years had passed. Experts who had cultivated to the Heaven Realm were this powerful. However, time was not equal in many continents in the human world.

From the time Gu Chensha created the human world until now, only a hundred years had passed. Of course, this hundred years was counted in the Eternal World.

In fact, during the hundred years that the human world had existed, thousands, tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands of years had passed in some continents.

The human world was too big. It was divided into endless continents, endless spaces, and endless worlds. Many continents and other continents could not be reached by flying, because they were not in the same plane. Therefore, not only were the space lines different, but the time lines were also different.

To fully understand the human world and reach every place in the human world, even the experts of the Divine Origin Realm might not be able to do it. Only those who had reached the Heaven Realm could travel freely in the human world. Of course, it was just traveling freely. To overturn the structure of the human world and control it at will was very difficult even for the experts of the Heaven Realm. Because at this moment, the human world was the only world. The collapse and fusion of the Heaven Realm and Gu Taxian made the human world beyond common sense.

"The Ancestor of Magic is going to be born?"

Wu Dangkong stared at the Dragon Valley Continent. He found that countless magic elements were gathering in this continent. Some of the mysterious power in the human world was even being extracted, gradually condensing into a system. The Magic System.

Once the Magic System was born and fell into the hands of someone, that person would have the potential to become the Ancestor of Magic. At that time, Wu Dangkong would take action.

At this moment, Wu Dangkong was like an old farmer who carefully cultivated crops. Seeing that the crops had ripened and it was time to harvest, he was full of joy. But at this time, Fa Wuxian suddenly appeared behind her.