Chapter 396
===========

"It's true that your Son of Heaven God Bestowal Art has been activated by the Heaven-Sacrifice Talisman, but in truth, its power is limited. I'm afraid it's impossible to completely suppress me."

Gu Chensha's expression didn't change in the slightest in the face of the massive seal's suppression, as if this were all within his calculations.

As the seal closed in, his left hand unleashed the Son of Heaven God Bestowal Art's Sun-Moon Splendor, while his right hand unleashed the Great Slaughter God Magic's Dusk of the Gods. RUMBLE!

Two consummate martial arts merged together, one to seal gods, the other to slay them. The combination of yin and yang could reverse good and evil. The entire world was filled with a twisting, tearing force.

With just the slightest collision, the seal was swallowed up, becoming nourishment for Gu Chensha's Golden Core. BANG! Beneath Gu Chensha's throat, in the Tiantu meridian, a fifth Golden Core formed. His Chest Center meridian was his Golden Core.

The Yuzhen meridian, Mingmen meridian, and Huiyin meridian were three small Golden Cores. In total, he had four. Now the Tiantu meridian was the fifth.

These Golden Cores resided in his meridian acupoints, nourishing them and unlocking their potential. Step by step, he would reach the profound and unfathomable realm of Connate birth.

The previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, had envisioned that a person needed to understand the power of flesh and blood, the secrets of the meridian acupoints, and the foundations of the sea of consciousness and qi. Only then would he be able to create a new fleshly body. Only then would he be able to solidify the foundations of the Dao Realm's nineteen transformations. Only then would he be able to step into the Dao Realm's twentieth transformation. Normally speaking, it was impossible to cultivate the King of Magic. But Jiang Gongwang wanted to do something heaven-defying.

Gu Chensha had followed his path, and with his own enlightenment, perhaps he really would be able to carve out a new heaven and earth.

He executed the Son of Heaven Investiture Art and the Great God Massacre Art, easily breaking the suppression of Wu Dangkong's great seal. Instead, he devoured the great seal and used its power to condense the fifth Golden Core.

There were many acupoints in the human body. There were thirty-six major acupoints and seventy-two minor acupoints, corresponding to thirty-six heavenly stars and seventy-two earthly fiends. In addition, there were countless hidden acupoints, containing endless mysteries. Gu Chensha had reached the realm of 'Size Manipulation', so he knew the secrets of acupoints very well. Just as he was about to stand at the peak and examine the changes.

As soon as the move was unleashed, the Great Devouring Seal, the fifth Golden Core, and Gu Chensha's power grew even stronger. The two moves swept out toward Wu Dangkong.

Wu Dangkong's expression changed. She had never imagined that her strongest attack would be devoured just like that. It didn't even touch Gu Chensha's hair. Meanwhile, Gu Chensha's attack had completely enveloped her, making it impossible for her to resist.

"Magic treasure!"

At this moment, she activated a magic treasure, and a bright light appeared above her head. Amidst this light, many talismans appeared, forming the word 'Wu'.

"Good, this is the Tianwu Secret Talisman refined by a Martial Saint. This talisman has the power to strengthen oneself. As long as you take it out and activate it with a secret technique, not only will it increase the power of one's martial arts, but it can also increase the power of one's martial arts."

Gu Chensha exclaimed, "This talisman has always been used by the Clan Leader. It seems that you have obtained a lot of benefits in the power struggle of the Wu Clan, causing the Clan Leader to have no choice but to acknowledge your power and give this talisman to you. However, it's useless. You can't unleash the power of this talisman. It's better to give it to me."

While exclaiming in admiration, Gu Chensha activated the 'Lunisolar Brilliance' and 'Deities' Dusk ', forming a huge whirlpool, trying to suck Wu Dangkong into it. The Tianwu Secret Talisman was also shaken, and it was about to fall into Gu Chensha's hands.

"Hold on."

Wu Dangkong was astonished. From the beginning till now, she hadn't been able to gain the upper hand when fighting with Gu Chensha. No matter what secret technique she used, she was always on the receiving end. This showed that not only did Gu Chensha have the power to suppress her, but his comprehension of martial arts was also above hers.

She kept circulating her magic power, injecting it into the Tianwu Secret Talisman, trying to turn the tables.

However, the pressure that Gu Chensha gave her was getting stronger and stronger, making it difficult for her to circulate her magic power. The anger in her heart was also getting stronger and stronger, and she couldn't believe what she was seeing. "How is this possible? How is this possible? I have cultivated the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art, and in addition to countless fortuitous encounters, I have now cultivated to the Dao Realm of 22 Changes, Heaven and Earth. This Gu Chensha is only at the Nineteen Changes, and when fighting, he is still using Dan Qi, which is incomparable to my magic power. How can he suppress me to such a state?"

The difference between Dan Qi and magic power was like the difference between a normal sword and a Fire Talisman Spear. They weren't on the same level.

When fighting against an enemy, one might need 100% of one's Dan Qi to defend against 10% of one's magic power. But now, the situation seemed to be reversed.

"Do you think that you can defend against me like this?" Gu Chensha circulated his two divine abilities, getting more and more familiar with them. They were almost unfathomably profound.

He increased his strength again. Suddenly, four golden cores flew out from the Mingmen, Yuzhen, Huiyin, and Tiantu acupoints in his body, bombarding the light emitted by the Tianwu Secret Talisman.

The entire secret talisman instantly let out a cry, as if it had encountered an unbearable heavy blow. It immediately turned into an ordinary talisman, and Gu Chensha grabbed it and kept it in his hand.

This was a jade talisman, not a one-time-use talisman. This talisman was personally refined by a Martial Saint, and it had all kinds of miraculous effects, such as refining one's martial path, tempering one's martial nature, circulating one's martial arts, and refining one's martial techniques.

For example, even if an ordinary person obtained this talisman, in the process of practicing martial arts, they would also be able to master everything. It was as if they had the help of a god, and any martial arts technique would be transformed into something magical in their hands. And this was only the small miraculous effect of this talisman. The true meaning of this talisman contained some of the life essence of a Martial Saint.

"Banished Deity!"

Gu Chensha retracted the four golden cores and held the talisman in his hand. However, the talisman jumped about instinctively, as if it was a primordial divine beast, struggling to fly out.

However, Gu Chensha was already prepared for this. He activated the Banished Deity technique, and in an instant, he wiped out some of the spirituality contained in the talisman and swallowed it into his stomach.

He swallowed it into the depths of his Dantian's Qihai space. Countless secret techniques vibrated and exploded, trying to break down and refine this talisman in an instant.

However, this talisman was refined by a Martial Saint, and it was not so easy to refine it. In the depths of his Dantian space, a bright light emitted again, preventing the invasion of the talisman.

"Humph!" Gu Chensha snorted coldly. "A mere talisman, and you dare to go against me? Golden Cores! "

The four golden cores in his body moved from the acupoints in his body, and through his meridians, they reached the depths of his Dantian's Qihai space. Bang, bang, bang, bang!

Four loud sounds rang out, and the Tianwu Secret Talisman, which enveloped the depths of his Dantian's Qihai space, actually exploded.

The Tianwu Secret Talisman could not withstand the explosion of the talisman, and it finally broke apart.

"Bloodline, fuse, memory, absorb!"

Gu Chensha immediately activated the powerful bloodline and energy in his body, and in an instant, he absorbed the energy and circulated it in his body. Kacha kacha kacha …

Many sounds rang out, and the energy of the exploded golden cores did not dissipate. Instead, it was still in the space of his Qihai space, and it started to fuse with the Tianwu Secret Talisman, gathering into an even stronger and more powerful energy. It flowed through his meridians, and once again condensed into golden cores in the acupoints of his body. Not only did the exploded golden cores condense again, but more golden cores were also formed.

The Baihui acupoint on the forehead, the two Yongquan acupoints on the soles of the feet, and the two Laogong acupoints on the palms of the hands all condensed into golden cores. These five major acupoints were the so-called Five Hearts in the cultivation of internal strength.

In internal strength, the term "Five Hearts Facing the Sky" referred to these Five Hearts. The so-called Baihui acupoint on the forehead, the two Laogong acupoints on the palms, and the two Yongquan acupoints on the soles of the feet.

The Five Hearts were interconnected, and they circulated continuously. The blood vessels in the body were lively, and they contained the supreme secret of internal strength.

At this moment, Gu Chensha had refined the Tianwu Secret Talisman, and with the powerful energy contained in it, he managed to condense the golden cores in the Five Hearts acupoints.

Apart from this, in the depths of his consciousness, there were many fragments of martial arts memory left behind by the Martial Saint. The power of the Tianwu Secret Talisman did not stop there. A huge amount of the true essence of martial arts merged into his blood vessels, and was dispersed and devoured, increasing the density of the Mortal Life True Blood.

Gu Chensha knew about the so-called Mortal Life True Blood. It was a fusion of the strengths of all living beings in the world, and it created the strongest bloodline.

As Gu Chensha breathed, he felt that his understanding of the body had increased by a lot. The cultivation path of the Martial Saint was hidden in the Tianwu Secret Talisman. His understanding of the body also had its own unique side. After obtaining these scattered memory fragments, Gu Chensha neutralized them and deepened his understanding of martial arts.

It was this knowledge, accumulated bit by bit, that finally allowed Gu Chensha to step into an unprecedented realm, and form his own unique way of thinking.

The process of absorbing the Tianwu Secret Talisman from Gu Chensha, storing it in the Qi Sea, self-detonating the Golden Core, refining the talisman, and using the powerful energy to condense the Golden Core again was all in an instant. At this moment, there were ten Golden Cores in Gu Chensha's body.

The Golden Core Qi from the self-detonated Yuzhen, Mingmen, Huiyin, and Tiantu acupoints was collected again, and mixed with the power of the Tianwu Secret Talisman, it condensed again. Compared to before the self-detonation, it was not only stronger, but it was also several times more agile.

In addition, Golden Cores were also condensed in the Five Hearts acupoints, the two Laogong acupoints, and the two Yongquan acupoints. The power of every punch and kick of Gu Chensha was at least several times stronger.

Moreover, the characteristics of the Tianwu Secret Talisman had merged with his body, causing his ordinary punches and kicks to have terrifying destructive power.

At this moment, he circulated the Golden Core in his body, maintaining the powerful energy of his body. With his physical attacks, he could break through all kinds of techniques.

"Hahahaha."

Gu Chensha laughed heartily. "Wu Dangkong, I have to thank you for the Tianwu Secret Talisman. Otherwise, I would not have been able to comprehend the true essence of the Martial Saint's martial arts. With the true essence of the Martial Saint's martial arts, I am like a fish in water. In order to express my gratitude, I will turn you into an ordinary person like Jing Fanxing."