Chapter 132
===========

Yi Ming observed and realized that there was something weird about Gu Chensha's body.

His cultivation was really strong and he could see the changes in the armor. It was constantly absorbing spiritual energy and the intensity was huge. It was as if hundreds of Dao Realm experts were forcefully absorbing it at the same time.

"What strong mental strength. Even if the treasure has a mind of its own and can absorb spiritual energy, it shouldn't be able to absorb so much. Even my mental strength can't be as strong as this armor. What has been injected into it?" Yi Ming was more and more shocked. Sou!

Gu Chensha flew up and left the castle. He arrived above Wild Forest and slowly landed on the top of a tree. Yi Ming followed but his speed was actually slower than the King Dragon Armor.

"I merged the Sky Demon Relic into the armor." Gu Chensha said, "Don't ask how. Just know that I merged it." "So, that is the case."

Yi Ming nodded. "Even if the Heavenly Demon Relic is just a fragment, it still far surpasses my consciousness power. The intensity of the spiritual energy I absorb depends on the strength of my consciousness. I see that this armor absorbs twice as much spiritual energy as I do, but Master's armor is much stronger than the average King Dragon Armor." "The same goes for this sword."

Gu Chensha took out the Demon Descending Blade, "I have refined it for so long and finally have some results. With these two treasures, I am not afraid of Seventh and Big Brother."

"Master, you still have to be careful. Putting aside the fact that the seventh prince and the eldest prince's cultivation is above mine, they definitely have some trump cards as well. The school of Legalism and the Heng family are great clans that have existed for thousands of years. The amount of resources they have accumulated is not something ordinary clans can compare to," Yi Ming warned.

"I know that. That's why I'm experimenting to understand my own abilities." Gu Chensha raised his sword and suddenly moved, stabbing towards Yi Ming.

Yi Ming grabbed with one hand and an energy whirlpool appeared in front of him. This whirlpool was the size of a water tank and any metal or mountain that was sucked in would be smashed into powder.

The moment Gu Chensha's sword touched the whirlpool, the world started spinning. It was as if he had encountered a giant storm and he was unable to stabilize his body.

"King Dragon Power, Ocean Calming God!" He activated the power of the King Dragon Armor with his mind. Boom!

A massive amount of power erupted from it, completely unafraid of the maelstrom. It forcibly passed through it, and the Demon Subduing Blade unleashed a Star Shattering, Space Shattering, Demon Exterminating Strike. The Great Spirit God Technique, Three Forms in One.

Yi Ming glided through the air and dodged Gu Chensha's attack with the agility of a swallow. Then, he punched out. His Connate Gang Qi turned into a drill and drilled into the King Dragon Armor.

With the ability of Yi Ming Dao Realm Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body and Xiantian Earth Energy, even a metal mountain would be pierced through.

However, when the Innate Stellar Energy hit the King Dragon Armor, it only produced a deafening boom.

After the sound faded, not even a strand of hair fell. The mountain-shattering strike was completely neutralized.

"Inescapable Net."

This attack was useless, Yi Ming's hands moved again and again, the Innate Upstanding Qi turned into gossamer threads, densely arranged in the sky, he was like a spider spirit weaving a huge web, but it wrapped around Gu Chensha, making it difficult for him to move.

"Break!"

Gu Chensha repeatedly used the Demon Conquering Blade in his hand to cut through the layers of gossamer threads, trying to get close to Yi Ming.

However, Yi Ming's True Qi grew more and more gossamer threads, entangling in layers and densely covering the sky, giving him a huge resistance. The friction between the Innate Upstanding Qi threads and the King Dragon Armor produced sparks. If it were a human, they would have been cut into countless pieces, but they could do nothing to the King Dragon Armor.

"Clumsy punch."

Seeing that he couldn't break through the layers of Innate Upstanding Qi threads, Gu Chensha used his most powerful fist technique, using the Demon Conquering Blade as a fist and punched in the air.

This attack became clumsier and clumsier, like an old man or an old woman who couldn't see clearly and was shakily sewing clothes for their children and grandchildren under the dim light, every stitch filled with love. Pfft!

It was such a clumsy attack, but it managed to break through the net of Innate Stellar Energy that covered the sky and reach Yi Ming.

Yi Ming was slightly surprised. The Innate Upstanding Qi quickly condensed on his fist, and the highly concentrated Upstanding Qi crackled and exploded. The fist and sword collided. Honglong!

Gu Chensha fell from the sky and smashed into the forest, creating a deep hole. Luckily, the King Dragon Armor protected him, so he just felt dizzy and wasn't injured.

Yi Ming landed from the sky, "Master, this King Dragon Armor is really amazing. I used the Hell King Death Omen Kill from the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture and it actually didn't break its defense." "If you hit it a few more times, I would have died from the shockwaves."

Gu Chensha's face was covered in dust, "Although the King Dragon Armor dissipated most of the shockwaves, some of the shockwaves still spread to my body."

"If Master can reach the third and fourth Dao Realm Transformation, then no matter how strong the shockwaves are, they won't be able to do anything to you. Along with the King Dragon Armor, you might really have a chance to defeat me."

Yi Ming said, "With Master's current strength, you can at most escape from an expert with the Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body. There's no hope of winning. Of course, if you meet someone with the Seven or Eight Transformations, you can still defeat or even kill them." "It is already not bad to be able to do this."

Gu Chensha shook off the dirt on his body, "My talent is really bad. If I was Long Zaifei, I would have cultivated Xiantian Earth Energy long ago."

Gu Chensha had used up so many resources along the way. Large amounts of Sky Dew, Dragon Transformation Liquid, Seven Saint Heart Refining Pill. If all of these were piled up on a genius, then that person would definitely not be at the second Dao Realm Transformation.

"Long Zaifei is a top genius and he is pure. He doesn't look like an evil person. I will observe him for a period of time, and if he is really loyal, then Master can reward him with the Seven Saint Heart Refining Pill."

Yi Ming thought about it, "If he can get the Seven Saint Heart Refining Pill, then in a short year he will be able to cultivate Xiantian Earth Energy. Maybe even more." "So amazing?"

Gu Chensha was shocked, "The cultivation speed of a top genius is just terrifying. So what if he is a Natural Saint? Isn't that even more unbelievable? " "Of course, I can't imagine how terrifying a Natural Saint is."

Yi Ming recalled, "That Fa Wuxian's realm isn't as high as mine, but when he looked at me, I actually felt like he was a high and mighty god. I couldn't even think about fighting him."

"The stupid bird can only fly first." Gu Chensha was filled with fighting spirit. This was the meaning of the Clumsy Fist that he comprehended.

After this battle with Yi Ming, Gu Chensha basically understood the extent of his combat strength. Thus, he could make inferences in his heart.

"Right, if Master can refine the Sky Demon Relic, he can replenish the Black Tortoise Egg's soul."

Yi Ming suddenly said, "It is really difficult to hatch the Black Tortoise Egg because it has been around for a long time. Although Master's bloodline can activate the life force of the egg, the consumption of the soul in the egg is really huge. Moreover, the Black Tortoise God Beast's soul can shock ghosts and gods. It isn't like normal cultivators who can't refine souls." "There's such a thing?"

Gu Chensha was overjoyed. "If that's the case, I'll do my best to hatch the Black Tortoise Egg. I wonder how powerful the real Black Tortoise God Beast is."

"The Black Tortoise is one of the Four Symbols. Its power is far greater than the other God Beasts," Yi Ming said. "Even a newborn Black Tortoise's power is probably far greater than mine. An adult Black Tortoise God Beast can stand shoulder to shoulder. " "I'll go now."

Gu Chensha immediately returned to the mansion's study. He asked Yi Ming to stand guard outside while he sacrificed his blood to attract the Sun and Moon Dragon Fire to burn the Sky Demon Relic. Immediately, a Sky Demon Relic fragment was refined into a chaotic airflow. He tried to let the airflow stick to the Black Tortoise Egg.

As expected, the Black Tortoise Egg seemed to have encountered something delicious. It absorbed the airflow, but the egg itself didn't change.

He gritted his teeth and sacrificed his own blood again to refine another Sky Demon Relic fragment. He wanted to see if the Black Tortoise Egg could absorb it. As expected, the Black Tortoise Egg didn't care if they were fragments of the same relic. Even if they were xenogeneic grade, it could still absorb them. It was much stronger than the King Dragon Armor.

The King Dragon Armor and the Demon Exorcism Blade could not absorb the other fragments after absorbing one. It was as if they were fixed. The Black Tortoise Egg, on the other hand, had the ability to swallow demons and ghouls. It could swallow anything.

Just like that, Gu Chensha cultivated for another month. He consumed Sky Dew, sacrificed his blood, and summoned countless Sun and Moon Dragon Fire. Finally, he refined all the remaining Sky Demon Relic fragments and fed them to the Black Tortoise Egg.

The Black Tortoise Egg had swallowed so many Sky Demon Relic fragments, but it still hadn't hatched. However, many ancient runes appeared on its surface. The runes were ancient and filled with the aura of primordial chaos.

"No way." Gu Chensha's eyes widened. "I used so much blood and Sky Dew, but I still can't hatch you? Isn't that a waste?

Damn it, I still have the Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill. I'll give you one too. I'll let you listen to the Dao Rhymes of the human Seven Sages. You're also a Holy Beast, so you should be able to communicate with the Sages. It should be able to increase your intelligence. " He was also trying to find a doctor in a desperate situation.

He took out a Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill and used his blood to form a talisman. After melting it, he sprinkled it on the Black Tortoise Egg. Buzz buzz buzz …

The Black Tortoise Egg became even happier. It absorbed everything, and a thought came from the egg. It seemed like it wanted to eat more, like a greedy baby asking for food.

"What?

You can only eat one Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill. "Gu Chensha was shocked." It's useless to eat more. It's a waste. " However, the thought in the Black Tortoise Egg grew stronger. It had to eat it.

Gu Chensha had no choice. He took out another pill and fed it to the Black Tortoise Egg, but it was still not enough. The thought from the egg wanted to eat more.

"It seems like there's been some change."

Gu Chensha's sharp senses noticed that the Black Tortoise Egg had indeed changed after eating the Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill. There was a holy aura on the egg. Immediately, he fed the Seven Saints Heart Tempering Pill again, one pill at a time. He fed the Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill to the Black Tortoise Egg like a Tang Dou.

After so many months of hard work, he felt that the Black Tortoise baby was like his son. In order to hatch the baby as soon as possible, he didn't care so much. He didn't know how many pills he fed. Suddenly. Kacha. The top of the Black Tortoise Egg cracked, and a black hole appeared.

The black hole was like a whirlpool, seeping into the void. Then, the purple air was sucked into the egg. At the same time, there was a faint purple air floating in the bedroom.

"What is this purple air?"

Gu Chensha sucked in a little. The moment it entered his body, he felt like his body was being burned. Huge energy flowed in the depths of his meridians. It was many times better than the quality of spiritual energy. It was even more domineering than the Heavenly Dew.