Chapter 339
===========

Gu Chensha had never felt so emotional before. Everything felt like it had happened yesterday. In his land, he felt like half a year had passed in the blink of an eye. If he went into secluded meditation, he would have to spend dozens of years at a time. The world would have been turned upside down.

It was normal to have such a mentality. It was normal for celestial cultivators to go into secluded meditation for hundreds of years.

Although they had long lifespans, they knew more than normal people. They knew that time was not enough.

Thinking about it, even experts who cultivated to the Golden Core Dao level could only live for 1,000 years. Each time they went into secluded meditation, they would die after dozens to 100 years.

But apart from going into secluded meditation, they didn't dare to roam around and waste their cultivation time. If that happened, they wouldn't have a chance to live forever.

To celestial cultivators, all worldly things were meaningless. Their life goal was to cultivate, to become stronger, to extend their lifespans, to break through to the next realm, and to live longer. For this goal, they could give up everything.

Gu Chensha felt that there was nothing wrong with such a mentality. Death was like a lamp going out. Once one died, all their struggles, hopes, and hard work would turn to dust.

Since ancient times, many famous kings and generals had been like the sun in the sky. Now, they had become dusty history books. Maybe not many people would read those words. Sou sou sou!

At that moment, a beam of five-colored light shot over like a bolt of lightning and landed on the treetop. Then, it settled down and turned into five people. It was Liu Yu, Mo Chao, Jia Liang, Qian Zhen, and Zhou Bu.

The five of them formed a seal. The seal was like a birdcage, and within the cage was a demon god the size of an egg.

The demon god's upper body was human and its lower body was that of a snake. It also had six arms and it was facing a vicious woman.

"Six Arm Snake Demon, Dao Realm 19 Transformation Demon Emperor?"

When Gu Chensha saw this demon, he knew its cultivation. The Six Arm Snake Demon's body was no weaker than a giant elephant. It was a strong existence among monsters and its status was similar to that of the Dark Armor Great Demon.

Now that the Six Arm Snake Demon was the size of an egg, it meant that it had cultivated to the Size Manipulation Realm.

The fact that Liu Yu's group of five was able to suppress the 19 Transformation Six-Armed Naga showed that their cultivation had reached an unfathomable realm.

Gu Chensha looked at their cultivation. They were all at peak Dao Realm Transformation 17, Dao Splitting Soul Separation. Like him, they had formed three souls. They were using the three souls to mix their Xiantian energy and gather it in their Chest Meridian Acupoint. They swallowed and spat it out, turning it into talismans to form a Golden Pellet.

In addition to that, each of them had a magical law in their sea of consciousness. That was the magical law of the Five Seasons Divine Swords, which had fused with their Nascent Divinities. That meant that they could injure experts of the twentieth transformation or higher, and that their sea of consciousness was extremely sturdy, making it very difficult for people of a higher level than them to injure them.

If one's dantian's sea of qi was damaged, it could still be healed. However, if one's sea of consciousness was damaged, one's Primordial Spirit would be damaged as well. There was no hope of recovery. To some extent, the sea of consciousness was much more important than the sea of qi.

When Liu Yu's group of five were at Dao Realm Transformation 15, each of them could kill an 18 Transformation Golden Pellet Great Dao expert. That was because they had fused their Primordial Spirits with the Five Seasons Divine Swords.

During this half a year, they had been cultivating on the Touch of the Ghost and God tree. They had also entered the depths of the Demon Region to fight. Under the guidance of Zhuge Ya's spiritual power incarnation, they had finally started to refine the magical law of the Five Seasons Divine Swords. Along with the experts that they had brought back for the Touch of the Ghost and God tree, they had obtained some energy in return.

Now, each of the five of them could probably fight evenly with a 20 Transformation expert. If the five of them worked together, they could even kill a 20 Transformation expert. However, even if the five of them worked together, they wouldn't be a match for Gu Chensha.

Both of them were at the same realm, but Gu Chensha had gone through numerous transformations. His body was so special that even the bloodline of a god couldn't compare to it.

Gu Chensha could now fight evenly with someone at the 22 Transformation of the Dao Realm and the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth.

Half a year ago, he had fought with the Skull Ash Demon Emperor, but the Skull Ash Demon Emperor couldn't kill him. Now, after half a year, he had obtained the memory fragments of the previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, the North Star Will, and even the three Heavenly Venerables. He had comprehended them all, and with the help of the Common People's Wish sphere, his cultivation had been further purified and transformed. He was now half a Golden Pellet.

Now, there was already half a Golden Pellet spinning in the Chest Meridian in his chest. The power of the pellet was nourishing his entire body. As he breathed, his flesh and blood were gradually being transformed.

His body was originally the Sun-Moon Dragon Body, which was one of the best supreme techniques in the world.

Later, he had condensed the Heavenly Demon Tree and comprehended some methods of the Primordial Chaos Sacred Body. Recently, he had obtained the North Star Will, Jiang Gongwang's memory fragments, and the three Heavenly Venerables' fragmented worldview.

Although these things weren't cultivation techniques, to him, they were much better than cultivation techniques.

For example, if he could feel the perspective of the three Heavenly Venerables and their thoughts, it would be the same as standing at the peak of countless space-time. Right now, Gu Chensha's comprehension and perspective of the world were completely different. This broadened his mind and vision to a level that even a god couldn't compare to.

He could use his Yuan Shen's Xiantian Gang Qi with ease and basically wouldn't make a single mistake.

Condensing a Jindan was a delicate task. Billions of talismans had to be compressed, arranged in different rows, and maintained independent operation. This was thousands of times more difficult than dismembering a flea with a butcher's knife. The process was closely linked, and as long as a tiny talisman made a mistake, it would cause a chain reaction. Just like a spark falling into a sea of oil, it would turn into a raging flame, a sea of fire between heaven and earth. Since ancient times, countless shocking geniuses had died at this stage.

Even geniuses could definitely form a Golden Pellet, but things were unpredictable. At the crucial moment of forming a Golden Pellet, they might meet an enemy, or the Essence Qi of Heaven and Earth would fluctuate. Many unexpected events would cause the structure of the Golden Pellet to fluctuate. They wouldn't be able to control the huge amount of energy and would explode into dust.

Gu Chensha was also at this crucial moment. Luckily, he was very meticulous. No matter how complicated the process was, it was smooth and there were no obstacles. Everything went smoothly. It was like the operation of the Heavenly Dao, smooth and flawless. Liu Yu and the other four couldn't compare to him.

"Prince."

Qian Zhen was the first to speak. "We fought in the Demon Region and captured this Six-Armed Snake Demon. It actually became a Demon Emperor. If I kill it on the spot, I will waste all my blood and bones. It is a good material for making treasures. Now, it is up to you. "

The bones of a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body were good materials for making treasures, not to mention the Nineteen Transformation, which could be resized at will.

"Let the Heaven Path Tree absorb this Six-Armed Snake Demon. It can increase its strength by a lot, but that's it." Gu Chensha looked at Zhuge Ya.

"Right, we need to use demons to deal with demons. This demon has a high status, so we can let it go and let it lure other demons to attack.

Demons focus on using strength to break techniques. They aren't good at scheming. As long as we use some small tricks, we can attract a large number of demons. "

Zhuge Ya suddenly waved his hand and many talismans formed on the Heaven Path Tree. These talismans entered the body of the Six-Armed Snake Demon.

Slowly, the eyes of the Six-Armed Snake Demon became blurry. It crawled on the ground and kowtowed towards Zhuge Ya.

"Go."

Zhuge Ya waved his hand and instantly, a power sent the Six-Armed Snake Demon back into the Demon Region.

"After the Common People's Wish ball is formed, Mr. Zhuge can use the power of the ball. It seems like we have more confidence in suppressing the evil demon."

Gu Chensha could feel the power of the sphere even when he was here. Now, he could still move his mind, and the power of the sphere could break through space. It could even tear space apart. It was like Grand Preceptor Wen Hong's Seamless Technique of Two Realms. At this moment, Gu Chensha felt that he had enough confidence in suppressing the Demon Region. Even if a Demon Emperor level expert came, he would be able to kill him.

Who knew how far away they were, but the power of the Common People's Wish ball could still rip open space. This was the power of a god. In truth, when the full power of the Heaven Demon Book was used, it exceeded that of a true god.

After merging Buzhou Palace and Dragon Sect, the Common People's Wish ball's potential exceeded that of the Heaven Demon Book itself.

As long as Gu Chensha was within a certain range, he would be able to sense the Common People's Wish ball and let it rip open space to transmit its power over. He didn't know how far he had to go before he wouldn't be able to sense the ball.

"Liu Yu, the five of you follow me down to capture the demon." Gu Chensha suddenly had an idea.

"Listen to my order."

Liu Yu and the other four quickly knelt down on one knee and accepted the military order. They had been through many years of war and military orders were like mountains. They were completely trained to obey Gu Chensha's orders. Even if they were to die, they wouldn't frown.

Zhuge Ya nodded and didn't object. He continued to circulate his power and let the tree absorb all kinds of free energy from heaven and earth to accelerate its growth.

However, ever since this tree evolved into the Touch of Demon and God, its progress was very slow. Even after more than half a year of growth, there didn't seem to be any fundamental improvement.

This was because this was the most crucial step, the evolution from the Touch of Demon and God to the Heavenly Demon Tree. This last step of evolution was thousands of times harder than the previous evolutions.

Of course, this was also the reason why the Touch of Demon and God didn't absorb any souls or flesh in the past six months. If it could absorb endlessly, the evolution wouldn't be so slow.

Although Liu Yu and the other four fought in the Demon Area and killed monsters to feed the tree, it was still a drop in the bucket. There were many experts and monsters in the Demon Area. If they were not careful, they would be trapped. The five of them had to be careful and didn't dare to be reckless. Therefore, they didn't gain much.

This time, Gu Chensha entered the Demon Area to plunder the essence, Qi, and spirit of the monsters in the battle and turn them into nutrients for himself to condense the Gold Core.

To condense the Gold Core, he needed a large amount of Primordial Spirit and Gang Qi. It was too slow to cultivate by himself. Using the Primordial Devil Path and the Demon Path's Plunder Technique was the fastest.

Moreover, he had already comprehended the unity of good and evil. Naturally, he had many ways to avoid the disadvantages of the Plunder Dao. Swoosh! He and the five of them hid themselves and went deep into the Demon Area.

At the place where the Demon Area and the Bottomless Sea of Sin were sealed, several large Nether Iron Fortresses were built within a radius of thousands of miles.

After these Nether Iron Fortresses were built, large arrays were set up. They constantly absorbed all kinds of Devil Qi and brewed into a large attack power.

Gu Chensha looked deeply and found that the core of each Nether Iron Fortress was a huge pool. It was the Purgatory Blood Pool. The rolling Devil Qi was as thick as ink and was the source of energy.

It was also mixed with a lot of blood and resentment. Shrill screams that sounded like purgatory could be heard from time to time.