Chapter 471
===========

God Maha had been sealed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, but he was not dead. He would definitely cause trouble. For example, he would create many chess pieces in the Demon Domain in preparation for him to break the seal.

Facing such a difficult enemy, Gu Chensha also felt that there was no hope. But it was in despair that he could explode with a powerful battle intent and break through to a certain realm.

"The Demon Disaster is about to break out. Courage alone is not enough. We need to have meticulous countermeasures and great strength. But I believe that Brother Taxian will definitely have a way. He left behind many tricks. He will not watch the good situation of the Divine Prefecture that he had painstakingly created be destroyed." Wen Hong was very confident in the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

"We can't rely on father for everything. It seems that the three of you will not take action when the Demon Disaster breaks out?"

Gu Chensha also knew that whether it was Chang Weiyang, Tai Xuandu, or Wen Hong, they all had their own things to do. The people of the world were not very important to them. After the Demon Disaster broke out, spirituality would be suppressed to the extreme and would counterattack. The human race would not go extinct and would continue to thrive in the future. This was already looking at the human race from the height of a god.

Moreover, the major Mystical Sects had also raised ordinary people and built countries in the plains at the foot of their sects. As for the people of the Divine Central Continent, they could not be bothered with them.

Only Gu Chensha could not bear to see the people lose their homes, break up their families, and suffer.

Moreover, whether it was Tai Xuandu or Chang Weiyang, they had to guard against the three Heavenly Masters, while Wen Hong had to guard against the Great Spirit God's plots. Each had their own enemies and opponents. Gu Chensha could understand them.

In short, when the Demon Disaster broke out, whether it was the Taiyi Mystical Sect, the Cosmos Mystical Sect, or Wen Hong, none of them could be counted on. They could only fight on their own.

"I have benefited a lot this time. I will go back now and obtain the secrets of the Dharma Saint as soon as possible."

As Gu Chensha cupped his hands, his body flashed, and he had already left the Cosmos Mystical Sect. He was much faster than before.

"If this kid can survive the Devil Calamity, then he'll be truly invincible," Chang Weiyang said. "I hope he can survive. My father still needs him to resurrect." "I wonder if he can obtain the secrets of the Dharma Saint?"

Wen Hong said, "I don't know how the Dharma Saint's current cultivation is. Has he broken through the Thirty-six Transformations and achieved a cultivation that is beyond the Three Realms and not within the Five Elements?

If he's able to resist the summons of the Heavenly Dao, he might really be able to stand side by side with the three great Heavenly Venerables. "

"Let's see if Gu Chensha can figure it out. Let's not talk about anything else, he's very useful in charging and breaking through enemy lines."

Tai Xuan said, "At least we obtained the Dragon Raising Heart Sutra and many secrets of the three Sky Venerables. We can study them and accumulate strength. There will be many tribulations in the future and if we aren't careful, we might even die."

"We have to use the Dragon Raising Heart Sutra carefully and slowly. We can't spread it in the sect. We even have to lay down a curse. If we spread it, we must immediately forget about this sutra."

Chang Weiyang said, "This is a national weapon. I estimate that if this sutra is used with the resources of our sect, we can probably produce a thousand geniuses within three years."

"A thousand geniuses is too terrifying. In thirty or three hundred years, our sect's combined strength can definitely crush the Black Heaven Earth Sect." Tai Xuan's tone was a little excited. "If we get the Dragon Making Heart Sutra …" "Don't celebrate too early."

Wen Hong said, "The Dragon Raising Heart Sutra and the Dragon Making Heart Sutra were both obtained from Battle Nineteen. We don't know how many years the three Sky Venerables have mastered these two secret sutras and how many geniuses they have cultivated. Perhaps on another continent far away from the Divine Central Continent, the three Sky Venerables have built an even larger empire." "We can't rule out this possibility."

Chang Weiyang said, "The Land of Infinity is boundless. We can't even calculate its borders. No one knows which corner of the world has a huge empire."

"Since ancient times, even the Saints have not been able to completely explore the Land of Infinity. We don't know how such a huge continent can exist in the universe." Tai Xuan said, "But there is no doubt that the Divine Central Continent is the center of the Land of Infinity."

"There is another rumor. The Land of Infinity is actually expanding all the time. It is born automatically. I don't know if it is true or not."

Wen Hong frowned. "It is said that the Land of Infinity is actually a living thing. We are all inside this living thing, and the Divine Central Continent is where the consciousness of the Land of Infinity is." "If the Land of Infinity is a living thing, it is too terrifying."

Tai Xuan recalled. "But I have heard of this rumor. A long time ago, there was a rumor that the Land of Infinity was a living thing. It kept swallowing chaos, the void, and the stars to expand itself.

A long time ago, the Land of Infinity had a border. But now, it is getting more and more boundless. "

"The Primordial Tree, the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, the Primordial Dragon Sect, the Land of Infinity. These are all things that we cannot understand. I wonder if the three Heavenly Venerables can understand them?

According to the memories that Gu Chensha obtained from Dou Nineteen, the three Heavenly Venerables are plucking some treasures from the Primordial Tree. "

Chang Weiyang calculated with her fingers. "It seems like we have to calculate the location of the Primordial Tree and see what the three Heavenly Venerables are doing."

At this time, Gu Chensha left the Universe Mystic Door and flew all the way to his fief. He entered the Common People's Wish sphere again.

Zhuge Ya was still circulating his magic power. He used the Taiyi Pearl to break down the chaos energy and infused it into the Heavenly Demon Tree to speed up its growth.

The Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise were also hiding in the tree. They communicated and cultivated with each other. With the help of the Heavenly Demon Tree, their cultivation speed was extremely fast.

As their cultivation level increased, the Connate Four Symbols Qi that they breathed in and out could also regulate the Heavenly Demon Tree's meridians. They complemented each other.

In the Heavenly Demon Tree that was refined by many sages of the ancient demon race, even a matured tree couldn't gather all four of the sacred beasts. From the looks of it now, the Celestial Tranquility Department was indeed blessed by the heavens.

Any cultivator who cultivated under the Heavenly Demon Tree would be nourished by the essence energy of the tree. It was better than consuming any elixir. It was better to lean against the tree and enjoy the shade.

Above the sphere, a ball of oath power was burning like a fireball. The oaths made by all living beings were getting stronger and stronger. This meant that the Common People's Wish Academy that the Celestial Tranquility Department had created was getting wider and wider. Its ideals had already converged into a trend of thought.

When Gu Chensha entered the sphere, he transmitted a memory to Zhuge Ya without saying anything. It was a memory left behind by Chang Yuzhou.

These memories were the complete and complete comprehension of the final fusion of the Dao from a mortal to a Sage. There was the helplessness when he was weak, the hardships of cultivation, the gains and losses of battles with others, the joy and struggle of overcoming many difficulties step by step, the hesitation when he encountered bottlenecks, the despair after facing certain death, and the joy of escaping from a hopeless situation.

Finally, there was the effort of trying to survive in this world and resist the call of the Heavenly Dao. But in the end, it was all in vain … All of this, bit by bit, formed the life of this strange person, Chang Yuzhou.

Chang Yuzhou transmitted all of his life's energy to Gu Chensha in an instant, planting a seed of hope in himself. He hoped that one day, Gu Chensha would be able to avoid the detours he had taken, surpass him, and finally save him from the Dao Integration.

Zhuge Ya took a full hour before he completely accepted Chang Yuxing's life. He pondered for a long time, and his eyes suddenly burst with light. The mana all over his body changed endlessly, and he once again turned into a wheel of light. This time, what appeared in the light was not what happened in the past, but what happened in the future.

"I can't believe I broke through to the twenty-fourth transformation just like that. Peering into the future? As expected of the Lord of Seven Stars … "Gu Chensha was overjoyed.

Every time Zhuge Ya's cultivation level increased, not only would his intelligence increase, but his magic power would undergo a heaven-toppling, earth-toppling transformation. Most importantly, he could gain enlightenment of the World-Burying Coffin in the depths of the chaotic flows of space and time. He could learn even more of Jiang Gongwang's secrets. In the future, he would be even more confident in obtaining the World-Burying Coffin.

"Chang Yuzhou's life is extremely valuable. His entire life, from birth to becoming a Saint and Dao Integration, is recorded in it, no matter how big or small. Everything is recorded in it. Digesting his memories is like going through a cycle of reincarnation. I gained a great understanding of my life. You can say that no Saint would show you everything they have experienced. In particular, the struggle during the Dao Integration, the struggle against the heavens, is a unique experience."

Zhuge Ya sighed. "In the end, Chang Yuzhou's cultivation was about the same as Jiang Gongwang's, but he still couldn't escape the call of the Heavenly Dao."

"My cultivation of the Heavenly Dao seems to be able to pull him out of the Heavenly Dao Integration."

Gu Chensha said, "Mister Zhuge, now that you've broken through to the twenty-fourth transformation, Peering into the Future, your magic power has improved. You can clearly see many directions in the future. What do you think we should do?"

"Your Highness, you've been cultivating in the Cosmos Mystic Gate for a month. About twenty days ago, people from the School of Legalism came to our Calming Immortal Department. They wanted to obtain the Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique and Dragon Creation Cultivation Technique. Their condition was to send some Legalist disciples to join our Calming Immortal Department. We will provide them with medicinal pills, armor, weapons, and magic treasures. Only then will they be able to help us resist the demons." Zhuge Ya laughed coldly. "It seems the School of Legalism is extremely arrogant." "I knew the School of Legalism would do this."

Gu Chensha's expression was calm. "The School of Legalism is essentially no different from the ape race. Of course, the reason they're so arrogant is because the Dharma Saint is still alive." "It doesn't matter if he's alive or not."

Zhuge Ya suddenly pointed. Under the control of his magic power, a huge clump of the Oath of the Common People's Wish suddenly fell into the Heavenly Demon Tree. "Your Highness, use your Heavenly Dao Art to help me. Transform the Heavenly Demon Tree into a Tree of Wishes!" "Tree of Wishes?" Gu Chensha was puzzled.