Chapter 721
===========

If Marquis Jushi wasn't an important character, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor wouldn't have sworn brotherhood with him. From Gu Chensha's point of view, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's every action contained a profound will.

The reason why the Calming Immortal Bureau could run smoothly was because it inherited the foundation laid down by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

In fact, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor made Wu Dangkong the Regent and Gu Xuansha the Crown Prince. There must be a series of plans. Gu Chensha could already guess some of them.

Because of this, he still retained the authority of Wu Dangkong as the Regent and didn't abolish Gu Xuansha's position. He believed that these two chess pieces would be of great use one day. Very soon, Gu Chensha and the Martial Sage arrived at the Shi Clan.

The Stone Province was filled with mountain ranges and jagged rocks. There were few fields and many large mountains. Since ancient times, it had not been very prosperous and belonged to the barren mountains and unruly rivers. There were many strongholds in the mountains, and each stronghold had almost become an independent kingdom. Every dynasty and dynasty was equivalent to a chieftain.

The Shi Clan used to be one of the Chieftains, but they were subdued by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Now, many of the mountains in the Shi Prefecture had been leveled, turning into fertile fields and waterways. Not only that, they even created a huge feng shui layout.

Because the Shi Clan submitted to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, they had been flourishing. The other aristocratic clans had weakened because they resisted the Calming Immortal Bureau, but the Shi Clan had received much support from the bureau.

The Shi Clan was huge now. It occupied a mountain range with a circumference of hundreds of miles. The mountain range was surrounded by the shape of a dragon. Within the mountain range, a lot of spiritual energy condensed in the sky into clouds in the shape of dragons and tigers, floating without dispersing.

"The Shi Clan's luck is flourishing. There must be many geniuses in the clan."

The Martial Sage looked at the mountain range where the Shi Clan was located. "Concealing wind and gathering qi, refining spiritual qi. Although this feng shui layout isn't as good as the Wu Clan's five mountains I designed in the past, it's still a top-notch technique. Seems like this Marquis Jushi has already reached the Sage Realm.

However, the Shi Clan's luck is too flourishing recently. I'm afraid there's a crisis hidden within. " "Crisis …"

Gu Chensha looked off into the distance. Using his Heaven-Dao Magic Eyes, he could see some tribulation energy in the Shi Clan's flourishing destiny. The so-called Tribulation Qi was a bad omen of the future, and it appeared in one's destiny. Fate was also a form of choice in the future.

If one's destiny contained a lot of tribulation energy, it meant that there would be a great calamity in the future.

However, the tribulation energy was hidden very deeply. Generally speaking, it was very difficult for people to discover it.

It was especially so for him. He was in the midst of the tribulation, and his five skandhas were all lost. It was very difficult to discover the existence of tribulations.

However, Gu Chensha was good at discovering tribulations, and his Martial Sage realm was also very high. He could break through to the Heavenly Venerate realm at any time.

Actually, the reason why Gu Chensha traveled with the Martial Sage was because he hoped that the Martial Sage could break through and comprehend some kind of secret. This way, he could witness the entire process and absorb all the experience of the Martial Sage's breakthrough. To him, it was a huge resource. If he obtained this experience, it could pave the way for him to ascend to the God level.

If the Martial Sage broke through to the Heavenly Venerate realm, his Celestial Calmness Department would have another Heavenly Venerate expert as an ally. It would be very beneficial for future tribulations and battles.

Actually, even if the Martial Sage didn't break through to the Heavenly Venerate realm, he was still at the peak of the 36 Transformations. His cultivation was also a giant, enough to support a profound sect for a long time.

Chang Weiyang also cultivated this way. Now, she was still fighting Dou Yiyu in the Lost Land amidst the space-time turbulence. No one knew what the result would be.

If Chang Weiyang won and ascended to the Heavenly Venerate realm, that would be wonderful. The Celestial Calmness Department's alliance would have another true Heavenly Venerate expert to hold the line.

Although the King of Common Life was a Heavenly Venerate and could use all kinds of Heavenly Venerate abilities, the North Star Will still existed. There would always be some hidden dangers.

"Marquis Dushi's aura is in the depths of this mountain range. Let's go find him directly. "

Gu Chensha looked for a while. "The two of us will travel the world secretly. We can't be too big. Otherwise, it will attract the attention of some people." "That's good."

The Martial Sage nodded. "Marquis Dushi is a stone spirit born from the heavens and earth. His fortuitous encounter is no small matter. I want to meet him."

The two directly passed through layers of formations and arrived at the center of the mountain range where the Shi Clan was.

At the center of the mountain range where the Shi Clan was, there was a small mountain. It wasn't very tall, as if it had shrunk into the earth. It didn't show off its abilities and was very modest. This small mountain was where Marquis Dushi cultivated in seclusion.

"The earth is in the mountain, and the divination is modest."

The Martial Sage nodded. "It can be seen that Marquis Dushi is a modest gentleman. He knows how to hide and when to advance and retreat. This is rare."

In terms of geomancy, the layout of the mountain in the center seeming to be hidden in the earth was called the modest divination. It could nourish one's nature, be modest and courteous, and spread good fortune.

If the mountain in the center was higher than the surroundings, it would be the divination, and it wouldn't last long.

Gu Chensha and the Martial Sage arrived before the mountain. They didn't enter immediately. Instead, they sent out a thought to inform Marquis Dushi. Kacha!

Not long after Gu Chensha sent out the thought, a small spatial crack appeared. Then, space collapsed slightly, and Gu Chensha and the Martial Sage were brought into the mountain.

This small mountain seemed to be condensed from some kind of magic treasure. This magic treasure was extremely powerful, almost on par with the Liberation Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows.

In the belly of the mountain was a cave dwelling. This cave dwelling had a clear spring, and some flowers and fruits were planted there. The light was bright, and it seemed to be a different world.

Marquis Dushi sat on a stone mat in the center of the cave dwelling. When he saw Gu Chensha and the Martial Sage arrive, he immediately stood up and bowed deeply. "Greetings, Your Highness and Lord Martial Sage." "Oh? How did you recognize me as the Martial Sage so quickly? "The Martial Sage was somewhat surprised.

"Your temperament and martial way are like the pillars of the firmament, supporting the eight extremities. Since ancient times, only Lord Martial Sage has had such a martial aura. Congratulations on Lord Martial Sage's resurrection and alliance with the Imperial Court. This is a blessing for the common people. At the very least, when disasters descend in the future, our Imperial Court and the common people will have another layer of protection," said Marquis Dushi.

"Marquis, your cultivation has progressed so quickly? You reached the Thirty-Three Transformations Saint Heart Realm and became a Sage? "

Gu Chensha asked. "Also, this small mountain seems to be formed from the boulder that Marquis was born on. This is a magic treasure. Could it be … " "That's right. This stone is called the Stone of Infinity, also known as the Stone of Heaven. It is one of the 36 Treasures of Infinity. I am the reincarnation of the Stone of Heaven. "

Marquis Dushi said, "The Land of Infinity is also known as the Heaven Realm. When it was first born, it nurtured the 36 treasures. Only when the Heaven Realm is about to collapse and the Great Dao no longer exists, will the 36 treasures appear and reincarnate as humans. If all 36 treasures are gathered, they can become the Lord of Infinity, the Lord of the Heaven Realm, and can use the various powers of the Land of Infinity.

I only recently understood my identity. At the same time, Grand Tutor Wen Hong is also the reincarnation of the Cauldron of Infinity. His power is above mine. Among the 36 treasures, the Cauldron's power ranks in the top three. " Gu Chensha already knew about the 36 Treasures of Infinity. The Land of Infinity was also known as the Heaven Realm, and Gu Chensha also knew about it.

Grand Tutor Wen Hong had obtained the Cauldron of Infinity. This was a huge fortuitous encounter, and it was very likely that he would cultivate to a terrifying level. Therefore, Gu Chensha boldly let him go to the Great Might Dynasty to suppress the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor and obtain this dynasty of 50 billion people. The weight of the cauldron represented the country, and it was no small matter.

"It is indeed an unprecedented great tribulation."

The Martial Sage sighed. "I have existed since ancient times, but I have never seen the birth of the Master of the Sun and Moon, let alone the birth of the 36 Treasures of Infinity. Now, these things that have never appeared before are appearing one after another. This is not a good thing. It is said that if the 36 Treasures of Infinity are gathered together, their majestic power will bless one's body. Then, a magic treasure stronger than the Hong Meng Tree, the Heaven Offering Talisman, and even the Dragon Gate of the Prehistoric World will be born.

Even now, Marquis Dashi, as long as your cultivation level increases, and you inject more faith and sacrificial power into this stone, the power of this treasure will become stronger and stronger. There is almost no limit. "

The 36 Treasures of Infinity were, in essence, the best among the magic treasures. Even primordial treasures, primordial spiritual treasures, and even the various powerful existences condensed on the Hong Meng Tree could not compare to the 36 Treasures of Infinity.

In this case, any one of the 36 Treasures of Infinity, if they could unleash their greatest power, would definitely be comparable to the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd.

However, whether it was Marquis Dashi's Stone of Infinity or Grand Tutor Wen Hong's Cauldron of Infinity, they had not accumulated enough power, and could not unleash their true power. If they could gather enough sacrificial power, even a Heavenly Lord would not be able to kill them. Therefore, Wen Hong had gone to the Great Might Dynasty to gather enough sacrificial power.

Only by gathering countless people to worship this cauldron, causing the fate in the cauldron to boil, could it grow and transform. From there, the endless power of the Land of Infinity would be gathered, which was also known as the power of the Heaven Realm.

The Microscopic World, the Minor Chiliocosm, the Medium Chiliocosm, the Great Chiliocosm, and the Endless World.

The Endless World was also known as the Heaven Realm. It was truly unique and stood at the pinnacle, the strongest and largest world. In the entire space-time universe, there was no existence that could compare to the Endless World.

In the depths of the endless space-time turbulence, there were many Great Chiliocosms, such as the Central Great Chiliocosm, the Black Yellow Great Chiliocosm, the Magical Chiliocosm, the Saha Great Chiliocosm, and so on. However, there was only one Endless World, and there was only one in the Divine Continent.

"Your Highness."

Marquis Dashi said, "After I became a Sage, I understood many things. The people who reincarnate from the 36 Treasures of Infinity are extremely powerful, and even far surpass those who reincarnated from the stars. These people will appear in the Divine Continent one after another in the future. When that time comes, I'm afraid they will stir up huge waves. Especially the reincarnation of the number one Infinity Sword. That will be extremely terrifying. With the sword of the Heaven Realm, he will slay everything and conquer everywhere."