Chapter 86
==========

Gu Chensha immediately knew that the energy several hundred steps away from him was the Innate Upstanding Qi. It burst forth from his body and pierced through metal and stone from a hundred steps away. It was extremely powerful and specialized in breaking through copper skin and iron bones. It was far more powerful than ordinary divine weapons.

Although this energy was just a little bit, when it hit his body, it could break through walls. That was the power of spiritual energy being condensed to the extreme.

If it was a normal arrow or even a Fire Talisman Spear, Gu Chensha could dodge it. However, Xiantian Earth Energy shot out from his heart and with his current cultivation, he couldn't dodge it at all.

That day in the temple, he was instantly wrapped up by Yi Ming. If he hadn't used the Ocean Splitting Lightning Seed, he would have died.

The Great Dragon Armor wriggled and dissipated the impact of the Xiantian Earth Energy. However, he still felt the destructive power within. Without the Great Dragon Armor's defense, his body would have been ripped apart. This Xiantian Earth Energy could break the Horned Dragon Armor. Even the Horned Dragon Armor wouldn't be able to block it.

The moment he stabilized himself and wanted to see who it was, there was a slicing sound as the energy landed on his body and smashed him into the air once more.

"This is Dao Realm Six Transformation, not Seven."

He was smacked into the air and his vital energy surged. He could tell that the person who attacked him was only at Dao Realm Transformation Six and not at Leaving the Ground Soaring Into the Sky. This was because when the energy struck his body, it dissipated and didn't retract.

If it was Seven Transformation, the Xiantian Earth Energy would turn into a rope or a ball to wrap him up. Even the Great Dragon Armor wouldn't be able to break free.

"Change!"

In mid-air, Gu Chensha activated the Great Dragon Armor. The scales on his back formed wings and he wanted to fly higher to escape the range of the Xiantian Earth Energy. Although the Xiantian Earth Energy was strong, it had a weakness. The biggest weakness was distance.

Ordinary experts would only be able to move from a hundred to several hundred steps. Once this distance was exceeded, the Stellar Energy released by the attack would weaken and eventually dissipate in the air. However, tyrannical experts would be able to move from a thousand steps to several thousand steps. Apart from that, there was also the number of attacks.

Xiantian Earth Energy attacks consumed a lot of True Essence. If it was someone who had just stepped into the sixth transformation of Dao Realm, after attacking a few to ten times, their Earth Energy would be used up and they would need to absorb Spiritual Energy once more to compress it into Astral Energy and turn it into Xiantian. That would take a few days. Even those with vigorous Stellar Energy would run out after a few dozen to a hundred attacks.

However, Gu Chensha had his own plans for dealing with such a person. He would rely on the Great Dragon Armor to block his Xiantian astral energy, and then wait until he ran out of energy before making his next move.

Of course, even if the other party's Stellar Energy was exhausted, the other party's physical martial arts were still far superior to his.

However, sparring with experts could stimulate his potential and make him more proficient in martial arts. Boom! Boom! Boom!

Just as he was about to fly up into the air to evade the Xiantian Empyrean Qi attack, a few more blasts of energy shot toward him. The Great Dragon Armor shrank violently, and its scales squirmed, unable to form wings.

He was bombarded and fell from the sky, smashing into the ground and creating a deep pit in the soil.

At that moment, a person appeared beside the deep pit. He wore a leather robe and a large cloak, and he held a bone staff in his hand. He looked thin, but he had a well-tempered Diamond Body.

This person's eyes were dark green, and it was as if there were ghostly flames flickering in them. When he looked down, it felt like an evil had descended upon the earth.

"What armor is this?"

He didn't speak in the barbarian language, but in the Dayong language. "Nineteenth Prince, I didn't expect you to have such a treasure. Someone who hasn't even reached the Dao Realm can actually block Xiantian Earth Energy. This is a miracle, but it ends here." He raised the bone staff and stabbed down. Dang! The Demon Subduing Blade appeared in Gu Chensha's hand, and he clashed with the bone staff.

Sparks flew everywhere, and cracks appeared on the Demon Subduing Blade. It looked like it would collapse at any moment. Gu Chensha's body went numb from the impact. If not for the Great Dragon Armor dissipating 99% of the power, the Demon Subduing Blade would have been sent flying.

"It's a good blade, but it's a pity that it's not refined enough. It's only a half-finished product."

The Shadow Shaman looked at Gu Chensha, who was crawling to his feet. "I want this armor. You can't activate its power at all. If I get it, I can soak it in the Dragontransformation Pool and evolve it again. I can carve runes on it and add more transformations. You don't know how to refine equipment. Wearing this thing on you is simply a reckless waste of God's gift. Imprison! "

The Shadow Shaman suddenly stepped forward and slammed his palm into Gu Chensha's body. Blood flowed from his palm, and blood-colored runes appeared on the Great Dragon Armor.

Gu Chensha's figure flickered in an attempt to dodge, but the Shadow Shaman was too fast. He attacked repeatedly, and each strike landed on the Great Dragon Armor.

In just a few breaths of time, the Shadow Shaman had covered the Great Dragon Armor with his own blood runes. The Great Dragon Armor was actually affected and it seemed like it had lost its use.

"It seems like I was delusional to actually use the Great Dragon Armor to deal with a Dao Realm Transformation Six expert. In the end, I am being played around with. I overestimated my own ability." Although Gu Chensha was in danger, he was calm and broke into a laugh.

He wanted to test his own strength, but at least he knew how terrifying people who cultivated Xiantian Earth Energy were. This was a lesson for him. Moreover, he had predicted that he would fail.

"Yi Ming!" He hollered. Sou!

Yi Ming appeared behind the Shadow Shaman. He opened his fingers and smashed down. The energy was like the sky as it descended, turning into an egg-shaped screen that covered the Shadow Shaman. This was a sneak attack.

Yi Ming's realm was higher than the Shadow Shaman's, and along with the element of surprise, he was able to instantly suppress him.

"Maha Prison! You are God Maha's envoy, so why are you helping this prince! "

The Shadow Shaman hollered. He wanted to use his Xiantian Earth Energy to break through, but Yi Ming was familiar with the Shadow Shaman's skills. The Earth Energy turned into needles and drilled into his seven orifices, locking his insides such that he couldn't move at all.

"Master, his cultivation is really high and he has many tricks up his sleeves. If I wasn't familiar with his tricks and used the Maha Prison Demon Locking Technique to lock the core energy whirlpool in his dantian, he would have been able to escape from me." Yi Ming didn't bother about the Shadow Shaman's question and just explained to Gu Chensha.

"This Shadow Shaman is really strong to actually be able to break my Great Dragon Armor." Gu Chensha felt the blood seeping into the armor. This was also a treasure refining technique.

"This Great Dragon Armor was refined by Master. Master's realm is low, so if you face someone who is much stronger and knows how to refine treasures, they will snatch it away."

Yi Ming said, "But it doesn't matter now. As long as this person dies, he will lose control of the Great Dragon Armor. Master, kill him quickly in case something happens. If this drags on and his helpers rush over, it will be tough for me to capture him." The Shadow Shaman struggled violently under the pressure of Yi Ming's energy.

Gu Chensha picked up the Devil Subduing Blade and stabbed it at the Shadow Shaman's eyes. He knew that even if the Shadow Shaman had copper skin and iron bones, his eyes were still fragile and could be easily injured by divine weapons. Clang!

The Shadow Shaman closed his eyes. The Devil Subduing Blade stabbed into his eyelids, creating a series of sparks.

Although Yi Ming could use his energy to destroy the Shadow Shaman's dantian from the inside, this person had to be killed by Gu Chensha before he could be sacrificed to the heavens.

"Master, drip the Heavenly Dew on the Devil Subduing Blade, and it'll become exceptionally sharp. I'll use a secret art to destroy his dantian. His body will be at its weakest in an instant, but it'll still be able to break his defense," Yi Ming said.

Gu Chensha quickly took out the remaining Heavenly Dew and dripped it on the Devil Subduing Blade. In an instant, the damaged weapon shone with resplendent light as it rapidly repaired itself.

"Destroy!"

Yi Ming also used his energy to destroy the Shadow Shaman's dantian from the inside, causing his Innate Stellar Energy to scatter and his flesh to loosen. As expected, the Shadow Shaman roared as his skin loosened.

Gu Chensha suddenly stabbed forward, breaking his eyelids. The Devil Subduing Blade pierced through his eyeball and went deep into his brain.

"You betrayed God, God will strip you of your glory!"

The Shadow Shaman roared at Yi Ming as he struggled, but to no avail. His brain was destroyed by Gu Chensha's Devil Subduing Blade. His consciousness gradually blurred, and his soul seemed to be sucked into a strange altar. Boom! The Shadow Shaman collapsed to the ground.

Gu Chensha panted heavily. "If not for you, I wouldn't have been able to do anything to such an expert even if he just stood there and let me kill him." "With Master's realm, it is tough for him to deal damage to someone at the four transformations."

Yi Ming checked the corpse and touched it, "This is the Shadow Shaman of the Chaotic Demon Ape God Temple. He is famous for his Astral Energy and the Chaotic Demon Book he cultivates is only slightly weaker than the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture. He still has many methods that he hasn't used. Look, this bone staff is the spine of the Ancient Mountain Moving Giant Ape. Who knows how many years it has been nurtured in the Spirit Gathering Formation and then he used the Chaotic Demon Book to smear his own blood on it. After at least 60 years, it has pretty much become one with his body and is used to store Xiantian Astral Energy. When facing enemies, he can use several times more Astral Energy. He hasn't activated this treasure, and if he did, it would be tough for me to deal with him."

Dao Realm Six Transformations Xiantian Astral Energy was really strong, but because of the limited storage, he couldn't use much.

But if he had a treasure, he could store the Astral Energy he accumulated and release it when facing enemies. It was the same as having a Astral Energy storage. But such a treasure was really rare.

"Yi Ming, you should have your own treasure, right?" Gu Chensha asked.

"I do, but to resist Master, the Ocean Splitting Thunderbolt was destroyed."

Yi Ming said, "I asked Master to give it to me. Its quality is even better than my original one. Since the original Master is dead and I have refined it with the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture, my combat strength will increase by at least 30%."

"It is okay." Gu Chensha nodded his head. Their combat strength mainly depended on Yi Ming, so naturally, it was good that he was strong.

"Thank you, Master."

Yi Ming knelt down on one knee, "This Shadow Priest has many treasures, let me count them for Master." "Count them first."

Gu Chensha's body flashed and he entered the altar space. He killed the Barbarian Race general and sacrificed to the heavens, obtaining 600 drops of Heaven Dew. Now that he killed this Shadow Priest who had a close relationship with Evil God and was really strong, who knew how much Heaven Dew he would get?