Chapter 590
===========

Boundless space-time tore apart, revealing the true form of the Life's Wish sphere. The sphere suddenly expanded thousands of times, sucking in countless space-time turbulence. A voice rang out from within the space-time turbulence. It was as though the entire Divine Continent, even the Wilderness and the four seas could hear the voice. The voice was majestic and grand, as if it was announcing something to all the worlds. A medium-class world was born.

"Just by relying on this, our Common People's Wish sphere has already risen to become a dimensional realm."

Gu Chensha's voice rumbled like thunder in the court, echoing everywhere. "So what if you're a legalist? So what if the Dharma Saint is back?

All dharma realms are still minor chiliocosms. Only a thousand minor chiliocosms are equivalent to a medium-class world. " "I've finally become a medium-class world."

Lou Baiyue looked up at the sky. All the magic power in her body was boiling. Wave after wave of power rushed towards her. At the same time, all kinds of high-level secrets from the endless dimensional worlds came to her one after another. Her cultivation base was about to advance again. The birth of a medium-class world was a miracle.

Think about it. With the Dharma Saint's cultivation and the legalists' seven or eight thousand years of accumulation, it still couldn't become a medium-class world. Even if the Dharma Saint returned, it would be difficult to advance.

And the sphere had finally refined the Martial Emperor's Heart of Divergent, turning him into a true divergent, one that contained the fortune of heaven and earth.

The Martial Emperor was extremely powerful. He used to be a supreme powerhouse of the thirty-six incarnations. After his resurrection, he became even more powerful, comprehending the divergent. Unfortunately, he met Gu Chensha, who cultivated the Heavenly Dao. He was restrained in every way, and in the end, even his body was refined. But the Martial Emperor might not be completely destroyed. He had too many tricks up his sleeve.

However, the Heart of a Divergent had been refined by Gu Chensha. Even if a Martial Emperor were to come back to life, his cultivation would only be at the level of 20 Transformations. It would be extremely difficult for him to cultivate to the Deity level. He would not be a match for Jingxian Si.

As time went by, the sphere of the Common People's Wish had turned into a dimensional realm, and the Martial Emperor had to start all over again. As this happened, the Martial Emperor could only look up. Reality was cruel. The Martial Emperor could no longer make a comeback.

"A dimensional realm!"

Xiao Donglai stared at the sky. In the depths of the spacetime turbulence, the Common People's Wish sphere appeared. It was domineering and seemed to be able to swallow the heavens. Any spacetime turbulence that got close to it was absorbed. This sphere suppressed a spacetime storm and it seemed like a new space was about to be born. This was the might of a dimensional realm.

A microscopic world couldn't be compared to a minor world, and a minor world couldn't be compared to a dimensional world.

The storm of the world continued to sweep and spread out. Among the immortal dao aristocratic families, only the ancient Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect had a dimensional realm as a sole seed.

But now, these people from the Celestial Calmness Department, who weren't even gods, had actually created a medium-grade world.

More importantly, even though the creator of the Black Heaven Earth Sect's dimensional realm had already perished, it was a group of juniors who controlled the realm now.

Unless one was the creator of the world, it would be very difficult to draw upon the full power of the world. The instincts of the world would not be completely under their control.

In other words, the current Black Heaven Earth Sect's sect leader couldn't even use half of the sect's power. As for the rest, the world itself needed to store it for its own advancement.

Regardless of whether it was a microscopic world, a minor world, or a dimensional realm, the creator could use all of the world's power. Most importantly, the moment the world ascended, the creator would receive the blessing of the world's advancement.

Gu Chensha was the main creator of the Common People's Wish sphere. Everyone else was secondary, so when the sphere ascended to a dimensional realm, he would benefit the most.

First, a brilliant rainbow light blessed him, and his Spirit Force skyrocketed. He could now do ten thousand things at once, and now he could do a hundred million things at once!

In the past, Zhuge Ya's Lord of Seven Stars had only been able to do a million things at once, which was already shocking. But now Gu Chensha could do a hundred million things at once.

What's more, the power of the Common People's Wish sphere's advancement surged, strengthening his magic power and increasing his cultivation base. His Life Heaven Mending Technique's calculations became even more profound.

After reaching the level of a hundred million things at once, Gu Chensha's calculation abilities were greatly enhanced, and the speed at which he assimilated all of the knowledge he gained increased.

Furthermore, the Wanxiang Shattering Cudgel hidden in his body received the power of the sphere's advancement. Much of the damage it had suffered since ancient times had been repaired, and it actually seemed to be fusing with his body.

The Wanxiang Shattering Cudgel was actually formed from the God of Strength's God Laws. It wasn't just any ordinary material. When these God Laws were gathered together, they had limitless destructive power. The God of Strength, as the name implied, was a true wielder of power.

The Wanxiang Shattering Cudgel contained the God of Strength's comprehension of the God of Strength Law. If Gu Chensha used his Heavenly Dao Magic to fuse it with the Wanxiang Shattering Cudgel, he would be able to obtain the God of Strength Law. In that case, every punch and kick of his would possess immense power. Gu Chensha's battle prowess soared once more. As the creator of the medium-class realm, the benefits he received were far more than just this. As the medium-class realm gradually stabilized, he received even more of the world's favor.

Gu Chensha felt that with his current battle prowess, if he were to use the Wanxiang Shattering Cudgel, he would be able to slay Gods and kill God level experts without needing to use the medium-class realm's abilities. Dharma Province, on the school of Legalism's Iron Mountain.

Fa Yuanji stood behind the Dharma Saint, a look of astonishment on his face. "Lord Dharma Saint, what on earth is going on? Why are those juniors from the Celestial Tranquility Department able to transform that sphere into a medium-class realm? They're even faster than our school of Legalism. Our school of Legalism still needs a lot of resources to be able to transform it." "As expected, they're impressive."

The Dharma Saint narrowed his eyes. "Gu Taxian's arrangements are indeed impressive. For those juniors to be able to do this has exceeded my expectations. I've miscalculated. However, the Lei family has suffered the greatest losses this time. On the other hand, our school of Legalism has not suffered any losses."

"But …" Fa Yuanji said, "The Dharma Elephant Realm is still in the royal court. Those juniors from the Celestial Tranquility Department are forcing our families to pay a fine. If we compromise on this matter, where will our families' dignity go?

However, if we don't pay, those juniors will use the medium-class realm's power. I'm afraid our school of Legalism will not be able to stop them. Our school of Legalism has taken the lead to deal with them, so they will definitely target us to kill us. " "Then we'll discuss giving them something," the Dharma Saint said.

"Lord!

If that happens, won't our school of Legalism lose all our dignity? "Fa Yuanji still could not let it go." Lord Dharma Saint, your reputation … "

"Reputation is nothing. The most important thing right now is to turn all of our school of Legalism's Dharma Realms into medium-class realms. Only then will we be able to contend against the Celestial Tranquility Department. Originally, with my cultivation and the school of Legalism's management, I might not be afraid of those juniors. However, with Gu Taxian's arrangements, there is nothing I can do.

You must remember, reputation is the impression you have in the hearts of the people in the world. That is all. If you have the heart to destroy the world and create it, you will not care about reputation.

If the people in the world hate me, that is because the world has original sin. I will blow the Horn of Armageddon to destroy the world and cleanse it of sin. Then, I will create a new world. If the newly born people love and revere me, then they will be sinless and will be happy. If they betray my gift, then they will be sinless and will need to be cleansed.

This is the mentality of a Saint. You must remember that Saints are sinless. The reason why Saints are Saints is because they are sinless. The sinners are the living beings.

When there is a conflict between the living beings and the Saints, the sins of the living beings are already very heavy. "

The Dharma Saint clasped his hands behind his back. "Yuan Ji, you are the number one in our school of Legalism. It is a pity that you did not comprehend it and are still stuck at God level. You did not comprehend the Sacred Heart of Truth and became a Saint because you cared too much about certain things." "But Lord Dharma Saint, doesn't becoming a Saint require aptitude?

Without aptitude, it is basically impossible to cultivate to become a Saint unless you become an Outlier, "Fa Yuanji said.

"That was in the past. Indeed, from the Primordial Era until now, there has been an iron law. But now, it is different. The Heavenly Dao has changed, and even I have been revived. It is clear that some iron laws have been broken. It is just like how the imperial court has collapsed and the people have risen up. If it was a peaceful world with strict laws, then the heroes would not be able to rise up.

I have already begun to comprehend the mysteries. If I teach you these mysteries, you might be able to make a breakthrough. "

The Dharma Saint looked into the distance, at the floating imperial court outside the pass. "Gu Taxian borrowed the strength of a few juniors and actually defeated me once. This is only natural. But Gu Taxian, all of your strength is entangled with the true peerless Heavenly Dao. How much longer can you last?

Your influence will become weaker and weaker, and eventually, it will be impossible for any supernatural phenomena to appear. At that time, will these juniors still be able to hold on? " As he spoke, the Dharma Saint's body disappeared. In the imperial court.

After a full hour, the power of the dimensional realm formed by the sphere of Common People's Wish finally dissipated. The entire sphere was hidden once more. Even God level experts did not know where this sphere was hidden.

A dimensional realm was a small wooden boat in the turbulent flow of space-time, and a dimensional realm was a steel warship. The ability to travel through the turbulent flow of space-time was not something a God could grasp.

The patriarchs and old-timers of the aristocratic clans were trembling with fear. Even the most arrogant of them all, Xiao Donglai, was speechless.

He had never expected that the Tranquil Immortal Department's dimensional realm could be promoted to a dimensional realm.

As an old ancestor of the Crimson Heaven Profound Sect, he was constantly pouring in world energy to accumulate strength for the sect's dimensional realm. But because of this, he knew how difficult it was to promote it to a dimensional realm.

The Crimson Heaven Profound Sect's dimensional realm had been promoted five thousand years ago. But according to its current scale, even if another five thousand years passed, or even ten thousand years passed, it would still be difficult to become a dimensional realm.