Chapter 994
===========

Chapter 991: The Net Chapter 991: The Net

Fa Wuxian devoured the Yin and Yang system, the Five Elements system, and the Eight Trigrams system, taking away the fortuitous encounters of many people with great fortune.

Although this was a small deviation in Gu Chensha's plan, it didn't matter much because the River of Destiny would adjust itself at any time to eliminate the variables. This was also the River of Destiny's basic ability.

The current situation in the human world was quite complicated. There were six huge countries: Qin, Han, Tang, Song, Yuan, Ming, and the Human Dynasty.

There were also many forces, mystic realms, sects, small countries, continents, and some species born in the space faults.

Outside of the human world, there was the God Realm, Immortal Realm, Demon Realm, Monster Realm, Heavenly Court, Underworld, and Everlasting World. When these structures were combined, it was simply a mess.

But in this mess, the line of destiny could be seen clearly. No matter how strong the existence in the River of Destiny was, they couldn't jump out of the River of Destiny.

Ever since Gu Chensha comprehended the tenth level of the Immortal Realm, it was tantamount to planning the theoretical knowledge for his future path. Although he couldn't reach it immediately, he had already started to surpass the Heavenly Dao and Ancient Immortal Treading.

The first level of Immortality was neither immortality nor immortality. It was a realm that didn't exist, but didn't exist. No one had ever reached this realm since ancient times. No one had ever thought that Gu Chensha was actually constructing the theoretical knowledge of this realm. In other words, if he succeeded, everyone in the future would have the hope of reaching this realm.

The creation of a realm wasn't the creation of one's own realm. It was the creation of a path so that future generations could follow it. This was the real Dao.

"I'm the one who created the current situation in the human world. I've created countless fortuitous encounters and given birth to countless powerful existences, but this is only a small matter. The instant the Heavenly Dao and father completely collapse, the situation in the world will change once more, and the River of Destiny I created will completely collapse under such circumstances."

Gu Chensha calculated in his mind, "If that's the case, then for the final arrangement, I will add another flame to this great world. Everlasting World, merge with the human world! " He moved his mind. Rumble!

The gigantic Everworld was activated and directly entered the Human Realm, fusing with the Human Realm's crystal wall.

Many of the leaders of Yongjie received Gu Chensha's will, but they didn't panic at all. From now on, Yongjie would become a country in the human world, which was called "Yongchō".

The Human Realm was too big. Even if the Everlasting World merged with the Human Realm, it did not cause any movement.

"All of you, come down and join the human world."

Gu Chensha looked at the God World, Immortal World, Devil World, Demon World and Underworld. With a thought, these worlds deviated from their orbits and started falling into the Human World.

"Damn it."

In the Underworld, the King of Earth was cultivating. Countless power of worship gathered above his head. He had reached the seventh level of the Immortal Realm, the Immortal Realm. However, this immortal power seemed to have not matured enough. It could not be used to reach the Heaven Realm.

"Now many people have stepped into the Heaven Realm, such as Zhang Ziran, Liu Chansha, Hong Ling Sha, and even Dharma Saint, they were far weaker than me. But now, all of them have surpassed me. This is too much. Why can't I step into the Heaven Realm? I am the King of Earth, second only to the Emperor Of Heaven. But now, I have fallen behind so many people.

I want to break through to the Heaven Realm, condense a Heaven Realm in my body, and have the supreme power of the Heaven Realm. "The King of Earth said," When that time comes, I will be the Earth Ancestor! " "What's going on?

What's going on? "At this moment, the entire Underworld shook violently. It was completely out of control. All the leaders of the Underworld gathered in front of the King of Earth's throne.

"The Underworld suddenly deviated from its track and is bordering the human world. We can't control the Underworld at all. Lord King of Earth, what's going on?" Li Wanlong was surprised.

Li Wanlong was originally the King of Ten Thousand Demons, but he was subdued by the King of Earth and became one of the Yama Kings. In these years, he had helped the Underworld to do many things, and his cultivation had progressed very quickly. However, he was still far behind those ancestors who had advanced to the Heaven Realm.

"I also don't know what's going on."

The King of Earth frowned. He tried his best to circulate his own power and combine it with the Underworld, but the Underworld did not listen to his command.

"Let me tell you why." In the Underworld, suddenly, a person appeared. This person's figure was revealed. It was actually Fa Wuxian.

"It's you, Fa Wuxian. You actually advanced to the Heaven Realm? What ancestor do you call me? "When the King of Earth saw this person, he suddenly became vigilant.

"I am the Devouring Ancestor. I devour the heavens, devour everything." Fa Wuxian said, "But I am here today not to devour you, King of Earth. As long as you listen to my arrangements, I will not kill you. "

"Fa Wuxian, you are simply lawless. The Heavenly Court and the Underworld are a pair. Do you really think that the Heavenly Court will not take action against me?

If there is no Underworld, the Heavenly Court will not be the Heavenly Court. "The King of Earth was furious.

"King of Earth, you are too naive. Now, even the Emperor Of Heaven can't protect himself."

Fa Wuxian looked at the King of Earth as if he was looking at a dead man, "You see, Dharma Saint, Ming Fei Wu Dangkong have both betrayed the Emperor Of Heaven. Moreover, the Immortal Realm, Demon Realm, Demon Realm, and Demon Realm have all descended to the Human Realm and merged with the Human Realm. The Human Realm will become even more complicated. If you do not rely on a powerful person, I am afraid that you will be killed by others." "You still haven't told me how the Underworld merged with the Human Realm."

While stalling for time, the King of Earth began to contact the Heavenly Court. However, to his disappointment, there was no response from the Heavenly Court. It was as if they had disappeared.

"This is Gu Chensha's doing. His strength is not something that we can understand. We are now in the Heaven Realm. He may have already reached the Heavenly Dao Realm." Fa Wuxian looked at the King of Earth's petty actions. It was as if he was watching a child performing a clumsy performance.

After being unable to contact the Heavenly Court again and again, the King of Earth was extremely nervous. However, he still pretended to be calm and said, "Fa Wuxian, we can talk."

"There is no need to talk." Fa Wuxian sneered, "King of Earth, now that things have come to this, you are still playing tricks in front of me? Do you really think that you are an immortal emperor? Since that is the case, I will let you be a dead man. "

While speaking, Fa Wuxian suddenly moved. A huge mouth appeared behind him. This mouth revealed the supreme Dao of Devouring. At this moment, the entire Underworld was enveloped by Fa Wuxian's big mouth.

"Myriad of Hell, Limitless Universe, break for me!"

In an instant, the King of Earth felt a huge threat. His body erupted with unparalleled power. Layers of Hell's Devil Domain's power appeared behind him. Unfortunately, these powers were not worth mentioning in front of Fa Wuxian's Dao of Devouring.

All the power and attack methods were melted and devoured. In the end, the King of Earth was gasping for breath, as if he had lost all his cultivation.

"King of Earth, I gave you a chance, but you didn't take it. I don't want to talk nonsense with you anymore. I am determined to learn from Gu Chensha's lesson. After Gu Chensha captured his enemies, he would cripple their cultivation. As an ordinary person, he didn't kill them, instead, he gave them a chance to turn over a new leaf. This is how I managed to survive. If Gu Chensha killed me, nothing would have happened. It would have been very safe. But now that he has released me, it allowed me to cultivate to the Heaven Realm and become the Ancestor Devouring. In the future, I will kill him completely and let him know how big of a mistake it was to let me go. Similarly, I will not let you go."

Fa Wuxian looked at the King of Earth who was defeated by him, "You trash, how dare you reject me. Naturally, I will not give you any chance."

"Let me go, let me go. I am a member of the Heavenly Court. If you kill me, even the Emperor Of Heaven will not let you go." The King of Earth was still struggling at death's door.

"Don't worry, I will also devour the Emperor Of Heaven. He won't be able to live for long. Actually, I am most concerned about the Dao of Reincarnation in your body. I will refine you and the Underworld into a Reincarnation System. Then, I will be able to combine with the other systems in my body and finally become my own Devouring System. At that time, I will be able to break away from Gu Chensha's control, making Gu Chensha unable to do anything to me."

Fa Wuxian fiercely grabbed the King of Earth's body. Under this powerful pressure, the King of Earth's body gradually shrunk. In the end, he became a three-inch man and fell into the palm of Fa Wuxian.

"Spare me, spare me, I am willing to serve you, I am willing to become your sacrificial person. From now on, I will no longer be disloyal. If you kill me, you will just be killing the goose that lays the golden eggs. If you obtain my sacrificial power, you will be able to refine the Immortal Realm for a long time. You have already reached the Heaven Realm, but the Heaven Realm in your body has just been condensed. You still need a large amount of sacrificial power to enrich the Heaven Realm. Otherwise, you will not be able to display the true power of the Heaven Realm." The King of Earth made a final struggle.

"My Dao of Devouring will never stop. You're completely wrong. I don't want any sacrificial power. My goal is to devour everything. I don't want to be a long-term Dao. After devouring you, I'll devour others. In the end, I'll devour everyone. My world will naturally grow stronger. Why would I need to do the Dao of Nurturing? That is not my character. "In one gulp, Fa Wuxian devoured the King of Earth. Then, he inhaled again. Suddenly, all the Yin Gods in the Underworld were sucked into his mouth. Finally, his power began to corrode the entire Underworld.