Chapter 491
===========

"Horned Dragon Armor Wholesale, Fire Talisman Spear, Fire Talisman Bullets. Demon Defense Talisman!

You can trade spirit medicines, demon corpses and souls, or even buy them with money. The Celestial Designer Institute has recently forged a new hand cannon, a new toy.

Even if they are dozens of kilometers away, they will still be able to blast the devils into pieces. "

"Hand cannons are very useful and powerful, almost comparable to the divine thunder of the Profound Immortal Dao." "The Celestial Designer Institute can actually make something like this?"

As Gu Chensha strolled through the city and looked around, he suddenly discovered that the branch of the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce had begun to sell some new toys.

It was a "hand cannon," shaped like a bamboo tube forged from tungsten steel. Inside was a long, oval-shaped shell that was carried in the hand.

With a pull of the trigger, the shell would shoot out like a rocket, striking dozens of li away. Even a small mountain top would be blown to powder.

Any demon that hadn't cultivated the Glass Jade Body would be blasted to death. Even the air barrier formed by Innate Stellar Energy would find it difficult to withstand it.

"There are masters in the Celestial Designer Institute. This seems to be a product of prehistory."

Gu Chensha knew that there were no historical records in the distant primordial era. Not even the three Celestial Venerables and the various ancient divine beasts had been born. The era before the era of the world's destruction and reincarnation had been called the prehistoric civilization.

It was rumored that living beings had also been born in that civilization. They couldn't cultivate, but they could create all kinds of tools to traverse the universe and destroy the world. In history, many of humanity's machine-making techniques had been obtained from that prehistoric civilization.

If the Celestial Designer Institute's Fire Talisman Spear had some immortal cultivator methods, then this hand cannon had the style of the prehistoric civilization.

Gu Chensha didn't seem to have any foundation in using spirit energy. His methods were purely mortal. Steel and gunpowder, after exquisite compression, manufacture, and refinement, could explode with tyrannical power.

Anything that didn't use spirit energy to operate through formations was the method of the prehistoric civilization.

It was rumored that in the last era before the primordial era, there was no spirit energy or immortal qi in the world. Living beings were extremely weak and couldn't cultivate, so they developed tools to the extreme. The puppets they created were no different from gods. The focus of the Celestial Designer Institute was to study these things.

The people in charge of the Celestial Designer Institute were the two great Devil Taoist Ancestor of the Uncanny Workmanship Institute, both of whom were God-tier experts. However, Gu Chensha guessed that there was an expert hidden very deeply within this hand cannon.

The two Great Devil Taoist Ancestor's craftsmanship was very obvious. They still had the refining methods of the Immortal Path and the Devil Path, and not the naked mechanical forging of the mortal world.

Gu Chensha was also very interested in the mechanical methods of the mortal world. However, his main focus was still on his own cultivation.

After all, in this era, cultivation was still the orthodox way. One's body transcended the world, circulated profundities, and created the world.

As long as one's cultivation level was high enough, one would be able to deduce all the principles of the prehistoric civilization with just a glance.

"The weakness of this hand cannon is also very big. The cannon's shell is too big, and it's not easy to store. If it's paired with the spatial ring of Jingxian Si, it'll be perfect." Gu Chensha nodded. "Now, the Tree of Wishes can also quickly create spatial rings." The spatial ring was the perfect strategic marching material.

"There are so many experts in this Sin State City."

After walking and observing for a while, Gu Chensha found that all the people who came here were experts above the Dao Realm. There were no martial arts grandmasters. He could even see cultivators from the Immortal Path Mystic Sect. Some were at the 14th Transformation of the Dao Realm, the Primordial Spirit Projection, and some were even at the 17th Transformation of the Dao Splitting Spirit.

These cultivators were also doing business in the city. They were bargaining with the Jingxian Si Chamber of Commerce and the Celestial Designer Institute, exchanging the souls of the demons they killed for Human Dragon Pills.

The effect of the Human Dragon Pill was very good. It had almost surpassed the Black Yellow Pill of the Great Wei Dynasty. The cultivators from the Immortal Path Mystic Sect basically bought as many as they saw on the market. They stored them as resources for cultivation and combat.

Basically, ten Human Dragon Pills could replenish the Innate Gang Qi and Primordial Spirit of experts below the Golden Core realm.

"I heard that a group of demons crawled out of the Bottomless Sea of Sin recently.

They are entrenched in the Red Night City. The leader is a Blood Demon who has mastered the 16th Transformation of the 'Reincarnation in a Corpse'. A group of adventurers went to kill it, but they almost died there. Fortunately, they all rented Human Dragon Swords and formed the Human Dragon Sword Formation to resist the demonic arts of the Blood Demon. Only then did they escape. "

Gu Chensha walked into a teahouse in the city and contacted some scholars and adventurers. He wanted to know the situation here and all kinds of news.

This teahouse had long since lost the waiters and the boss. The teahouse was empty except for some tables and benches. There were also empty rooms. However, adventurers and scholars treated this place as a place to relax, to inquire about information, to exchange treasures, to gather friends, and to fight against each other. Some scholars also took out tea sets to invite friends. The atmosphere was very warm.

In the face of the infiltration of the demon disaster, these adventurers and scholars did not have the slightest fear. Instead, they were full of enthusiasm. It seemed that they finally felt that there was a place for heroes.

Gu Chensha listened to their conversation with a smile on his face. He felt that this was where the fate of the imperial court, the country, and even the human race lied.

"The Human Dragon Sword is indeed amazing. It can destroy demons!

That Human Dragon Pill is a supreme elixir. After some people consumed it, they all broke through to the Dao Realm. "

"When the Human Dragon Sword flies out, it is even stronger than the flying swords of celestials. If there are more people, there will be more swords. When they form a sword formation, it will be even more powerful."

"Let's not talk about this. The Calming Immortal Department has released a new issue of the Common People's Newspaper. This issue records a demonic cultivation technique. Everyone, come and learn it!" At this moment, a scholar flew in.

This scholar was wearing the Human Dragon Armor and there was a Human Dragon Sword on his back. His cultivation was actually at the Xiantian Gang Energy Realm. Gu Chensha's eyes lit up. "There is actually such a person among the scholars? It is not easy to cultivate to the Sixth Transformation of the Dao Realm. Moreover, he doesn't seem to be a disciple of an aristocratic family. "

The disciples of aristocratic families had a noble and graceful aura. They had an innate sense of superiority in their bones.

The disciples of poor families were different. They gave off an ordinary aura but they gave off a sense of self-improvement.

This scholar was really young and was around 20 years old. He actually had such achievements. It was rare for aristocratic families to have such achievements. One could see that he had a fortuitous encounter.

He held a stack of newspapers in his hands and distributed them to the many adventurers in the tea house. All of them cheered and started to read. Even Gu Chensha received a copy of the newspaper.

The newspaper recorded a cultivation method to deal with demons. It was really valuable. Even a normal Dao Realm expert could use one or two transformations to circulate their spiritual energy and without using the Human Dragon Pill to defend against demonic energy.

This was something that Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and the other higher-ups of the Calming Immortal Department comprehended the methods to counter demons after obtaining the complete Maha Hell Suppression Scripture. They wrote some simple and easy to understand cultivation techniques that dealt a lot of damage to demons. They used the newspaper to spread it all over the world.

The effect was to plant demon-destroying seeds in the commoners and let them bear fruit in the future.

Now, the adventurers and scholars on the frontline all started to read it. They all comprehended something and then exchanged their insights with one another. Some of them even wanted to form groups to kill demons.

Killing demons wasn't just a simple way to defend against enemies; it was a way to obtain wealth for oneself.

"Brother, you don't seem to have any equipment but you aren't afraid of the demonic energy corroding you. You are really strong."

Just as Gu Chensha was comprehending, the young scholar who distributed the newspapers sat in front of the table and wanted to talk to him.

"I just have some skills and I can't say that I am strong."

Gu Chensha replied, "As for you, you actually obtained the Human Dragon Armor and Human Dragon Sword. Moreover, you didn't rent them but you bought them yourself and refined them into your own mark. Which aristocratic family are you from? "

"I am ashamed, I am not from an aristocratic family. My family has been farming for generations and has a small plot of land in the countryside. I am not rich." The young scholar waved his hands.

"Then, you must have had a fortuitous encounter, otherwise, how could you cultivate the Dao Realm Six Transformation Xiantian Energy?" Gu Chensha said.

"Brother has a good eye. When I was studying, I entered the mountains with a bunch of classmates and saw a broken temple. Coincidentally, it was raining heavily and I had a fortuitous encounter." This young scholar didn't talk about what he had encountered in detail. That was to be expected.

But Gu Chensha sensed and felt that this young scholar didn't cultivate the celestial path, demon path, god path, or monster path. He cultivated the ancient Buddhist technique that had disappeared long ago. This kid's Buddhist technique was even purer than the Fan Family's.

The Fan Family said that they inherited the ancient Buddhist Sect but in truth, they still used celestial techniques. They just had some Buddhist Sect treasures and many of the Buddhist Sect's essence had been lost.

Gu Chensha obtained two treasures, "Small Thunderclap Temple" and "Small Moni Buddhist Pagoda". These were items from the ancient Buddhist Sect, and they were treasures equivalent to the Buzhou Palace. They also contained some extremely powerful secrets of the Buddhist Sect, so he was somewhat familiar with the Buddhist Sect. The Buddhist Sect technique that the young man obtained seemed to be purer than those two treasures. That was really weird.

There was a high chance that the world was about to change and some fate left by the ancient Buddhist Sect was about to appear. This young scholar might have been an important chess piece of the Buddhist Sect.

But the Buddhist Sect was also a righteous path and specialized in suppressing demons and persuading people to be kind. The ultimate meaning was for everyone to transcend heaven and earth and be unkillable. There were many things to learn from such a wish.