Chapter 809
===========

No matter how mystical the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd was, no matter how it struggled, it was far from being able to resist Gu Chensha's refinement. Gradually, under the permeation of magic power, the gourd finally turned into a stream of air and completely fused with the Divine Land Gourd.

Immediately, the Divine Land Gourd gave off an aura that could kill everything, much sharper than before.

"As expected, this Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd has a great destiny. In the future, it will really be the treasure of the Emperor Of Heaven.

But now, it belongs to me, and it has reduced the destiny of the Emperor Of Heaven by quite a bit. Once I comprehend it again, I will definitely be able to grasp some clues about the Emperor Of Heaven. "Gu Chensha had a look of joy on his face.

As for Dou Yiyu, she had already activated her magic power, sitting upright in the Divine Land Gourd, as if she wanted to resist with all her might.

Gu Chensha ignored her, but he did not immediately make a move to extract her magic power. Instead, he left her here. Dou Yiyu still had a great use. From her, he could spy on the movements of the three Heavenly Venerables.

After collecting all the spatial nodes, Gu Chensha left this place, bringing Chang Weiyang to the Little Hongmeng Tree.

"Father."

Chang Weiyang saw Chang Yuzhou. Father and daughter met again, and both were overjoyed. They reminisced about old times and were extremely grateful to Gu Chensha.

"Congratulations, Your Highness. The Celestial Calmness Department has another Heavenly Venerable." Longevity God congratulated, "Currently, we have a total of three Heavenly Venerables. It is more than enough to suppress the world."

The Celestial Calmness Department had Heavenly Venerable Martial Saint, the King of Common Life, and now Chang Weiyang. With three Heavenly Venerables holding down the fort, the imperial court had never been so powerful since ancient times.

"The world now is different from the past. If it was in the past, even Saints could pacify the world. But now, heroes are emerging, and dragons and snakes are rising in the wilderness. Even Heavenly Venerables cannot completely control the situation."

Heavenly Venerable Martial Saint sighed, "However, the news just now is no small matter. The Emperor Of Heaven's destined person has actually been born. I wonder, among the common people, who is the Emperor Of Heaven? Who will be able to enjoy the great position of limitless and limitless in the future? "

"The Emperor Of Heaven is the incarnation of the Heavenly Dao. He controls all space-time, all freedom, all laws, all karma … Compared to the throne of the Son of Heaven, he is far superior."

Zhuge Ya frowned, "The glory of the Emperor Of Heaven is not something we can imagine. If the Emperor Of Heaven's chosen one were to appear, it would really sweep the world. We have no choice but to investigate." "The Emperor Of Heaven's chosen one naturally has to be found."

Gu Chensha's expression was the same as usual. He was not anxious at all. Logically, the Celestial Calmness Department should be the top priority for this matter. However, Gu Chensha was not anxious at all, "However, this is not the main matter. I will slowly investigate this matter. If we search on a large scale, not only will we not find anything, but we will also alert the enemy and attract the attention of many factions. That would not be good. Moreover, even the Emperor Of Heaven himself does not know who the destined person is. Until the very end, no one will know who the true person is. Now that I have already rescued Chang Weiyang, some important matters have been successfully arranged. The most important thing is to raise the fate of the nation and spread the Human Dragon Fist, creating a large number of geniuses, unparalleled geniuses, and even Innate Saints. We do not have much time."

"I will do my best to promote this matter." Zhuge Ya nodded, "Accumulating power and sweeping the world is the right way.

However, even if we obtain the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra, it is still very difficult to cultivate this sutra and raise one's aptitude to become an Innate Saint in one go. This sutra is profound and unfathomable, and it is very difficult to comprehend. Furthermore, there are many tribulations when cultivating it. During this period of time, after our experiments, we discovered that even with our patient guidance, it will probably take decades, or even centuries, before a large number of Innate Saints can be born. Geniuses will probably also need several years. "

"That is natural. From an ordinary person to a genius, even if they obtain the Dragon Raising Sutra, they will still need decades of unremitting hard work to continue cultivating the Dragon Qi and change their entire bodies. Only then can they become geniuses."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Right now, the Celestial Calmness Department is producing Human-Dragon Pills to assist in reducing the time it takes for people to become geniuses by ten times. However, we really don't have enough time. However, we can't spoil things just because of the arrival of the tribulation.

Furthermore, the tribulation of the Heavenly Talisman Thirty-Six Years is just the beginning. It will last for a very long time, and will most likely last for hundreds of years. During the tribulation, we will be able to distinguish between loyalty and treachery, and then develop rapidly.

During the tribulation, it will be the time for heroes to fight for supremacy. However, the current competition is not for territory, but for the highest position in all the heavens and myriad worlds. "

"Chensha," Lou Baiyue said, "it is true that you are currently studying the Dao of the Emperor Of Heaven, and understand the Emperor Of Heaven the best. Even if the real Emperor Of Heaven appears, the Celestial Calmness Department will be his greatest enemy. If we don't go after him, he will eventually come after us. Therefore, regarding the matter of the Emperor Of Heaven, only you can secretly investigate it." "That's my idea as well."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Even if you gather all the treasures in the world and open the door to the Emperor Of Heaven, it will still be very difficult to truly refine the Emperor Of Heaven's throne. Only the person who obtains the destiny of the true Emperor Of Heaven will be able to fully take the throne, further control the Dao of Heaven, and dominate the past, present, and future of all the worlds.

If my guess is correct, the person who obtains the destiny of the Emperor Of Heaven has already been born, and he's in the Central Plains. In fact, he's even one of our common people. " "That makes things easier."

Lou Baiyue said, "Right now, all of the common people in the Imperial Court are recorded. Their names, ages, all sorts of things, big and small, and even their movements can be seen by us. King of Common Life! " She called out, and the King of Common Life appeared there.

Following this, the King of Common Life's body changed, turning into a giant sphere. Within the sphere, there were billions of figures that changed hundreds of millions of times with every blink of an eye.

These figures included all of Yongchō's subjects, from newborn babies to high-ranking officials and nobles, and even Saint clans that had existed for thousands of years.

"Right now, our figures are being recorded, operated, and stored by the King of Common Life. The various Commanders of Common Life have set up formations and collected information everywhere, forming a heavenly net. There are absolutely no loopholes.

Look, our figures have already covered the interior of the Heavenly Designer Institute. Right now, there are more than 35,678 million people … "As Lou Baiyue spoke, the figures that the King of Common Life had turned into showed the entire population of the Yongchō Empire.

Gathered together, there were more than 356 million people. However, as they spoke, the figures kept changing. After all, in such a vast empire, people were born and dying every second.

No matter what, Yongchō's territory was no longer limited to the Divine Province. It had spread to the Wilderness, the Desolate Sea, and the Eastern Wastelands.

A large portion of the Immortal Path Profound Sects had joined the Imperial Court. Adding on their population, there were more than 40 billion people under them. Of course, this did not include the Great Burning Empire that Gu Chensha had just taken control of.

The Great Burning Empire had hundreds of billions of people, and its territory was vast. Gu Chensha had only taken control of some of the upper echelons, and he had created a few Divine Generals among the people. To the entire empire, most people did not know that there had been a change of dynasty. In their hearts, they still believed that the Great Burning Empire was the Emperor.

Gu Chensha wanted to change this perception among the people. He wanted them to know that there had been a change of dynasty, and the Calming Immortal Department was now in control of the world. This was called a successful change of hands. Otherwise, the people would still side with the previous dynasty, which was useless.

This was a very long process. The smaller the country, the easier it was for the people to change. The larger the country, the more difficult it was to change. In the past, when the Central Plains had changed dynasties, the new Imperial Court had been in power for a hundred years, and there were many small places and villages that still believed that it was the previous dynasty.

The Great Burning Empire was much larger than the Central Plains. Given Gu Chensha's abilities, it would not be something that could be done in a short period of time. However, if he went all out, it would only take a year for the changes to be made.

One year would be the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman, when the great calamity would begin.

The Calming Immortal Department's affairs were already on track, and he did not need to worry about anything. He could now focus on searching for Emperor Heaven. This was the most important person, the true main character of the future.

To the Heavenly Dao, Gu Taxian and the Calming Immortal Department were its greatest enemies. They had already begun to encroach on its authority.

That was why the Emperor Heaven was about to come out and personally gather the people among the people. He wanted to change their wills so that Gu Taxian and the Calming Immortal Department would no longer have a foundation.

"Right now, the Three Dukes, Eight Marquises, and Fang Lin are beginning to truly awaken. They and Wen Hong are cultivating secret arts in an attempt to break free of the restraints of the Endless Treasures and sever the destiny that the Will of Heaven has placed upon them.

In a few months, they will succeed, and then the twelve Endless Treasures will fly out and fuse into your Divine Land Gourd. "

Lou Baiyue said, "When that time comes, your Divine Land Gourd will probably become an existence on the same level as the Dragon Gate of the Wilderness and the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman."

"That's easy. I still need to capture Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian. If I'm not mistaken, the Great Spirit God should have been resurrected. After resurrecting, the Great Spirit God will still need to find these two people.

I can rely on this point to capture the Great Spirit God again. This time, I won't let him die even if he wants to. Apart from this, that Prehistoric Old Man is also a hidden danger. After all, he is at the peak of the Heavenly Longevity Realm and might even be an old antique who has cultivated to the Heaven Primal Realm. He was once the master of the North Star Continent and cannot be underestimated. "

Gu Chensha continued, "Use the Three Ducal Dukes and Eight Marquises' Twelve Boundless Treasures to open a teleportation portal. Create a stable dimension that leads to the Incineration Continent. That way, we'll be able to quickly spread our teachings and manage the imperial court. That way, the imperial court will have hundreds of billions of people, and the power of worship will increase by dozens of times.

In time, it's not impossible for the little Hongmeng Tree to be even stronger than the real Hongmeng Tree. " Browse for reading address: