Chapter 186
===========

"The situation is really bad."

Gu Chensha calculated in his heart, "With my strength, if I don't use the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, King Dragon Armor, and Demon Descending Blade, I can at most fight someone at the seventh or eighth stage of Dao Realm. With these three treasures, my strength will increase by 10 times and I will be able to fight someone at the tenth or even the eleventh stage.

I can be considered an expert, but in such a situation, I won't be able to handle it. Instead, I will just be a burden. " He knew where his weakness was.

His cultivation realm was at the peak of the fifth transformation, the Hundred Spirit Gathering Realm.

Logically speaking, no matter how strong a person was, he could at most fight someone at the sixth transformation. But against someone at the seventh transformation, he would be suppressed. This was because one used brute force while the other used the ever-changing Xiantian Earth Energy and could fly. The difference was huge. Brute force couldn't beat Xiantian Earth Energy.

If he was at the sixth transformation, he wouldn't be able to fly and the Xiantian Earth Energy couldn't be retracted. Then, he might have a chance with brute force. At the seventh transformation, he could suppress any kind of brute force.

However, Gu Chensha cultivated the most powerful "Son of Heaven's Investiture Art" and transformed into the Dragon Form of the Sun and Moon. His strength was powerful and his Qi and blood were vast, far surpassing anyone else. It could be said that even Innate Saints in the same realm could not compare to him in terms of physique.

Moreover, he consumed a large amount of Heaven Dew and was nourished by the Xuanwu God Beast Energy. His body was like an indestructible diamond. Normal Xiantian Earth Energy would be like a mosquito bite when it struck his body.

Unless it was a Dao Realm Transformation Eight Xiantian Earth Energy that had been refined by the Samadhi True Flame, it would be extremely sharp and would have a 20% chance of harming Gu Chensha.

The key was that if a Dao Realm Transformation Eight Xiantian Earth Energy flew around, Gu Chensha wouldn't be able to do anything to him.

With the King Dragon Armor, he had solved this problem perfectly. He could fly, chase, and turn at will. It would not be difficult for him to kill an expert with a Glass Body in one strike. This didn't even include the Dragon Transformation Pagoda.

The Dragon Transformation Pagoda could be said to be his true trump card. When the enemy's Innate Stellar Energy bombarded his body, it would actually be absorbed and fused with his Sun and Moon Dragon Blood, producing "Dragon Energy" in the pagoda.

Therefore, with the help of the King Dragon Armor, the Dragonization Pagoda, the Demon Subduing Blade, and the Heaven Offering Talisman, Gu Chensha was able to handle the situation with ease. Even if it was the Tenth or Eleventh Transformations, he wouldn't be afraid.

Even against an expert like Luo Xiu, he was able to act as a sidekick under the suppression of Lou Baiyue and The Fourth and obtain benefits. Of course, if he were to face Luo Xiu head on, his strength would only lead to death.

However, he knew that his shortcoming was that he had yet to master the Innate Stellar Energy. Once he did, he would undergo a tremendous transformation.

He knew very well how much energy he had accumulated in his body, and how strong he would be after he converted all of it into Innate Stellar Energy. But he just couldn't break through that step.

"Looks like I'll have to perform the Heavenly Divination Sacrifice in secret to perfect my Clumsy Fist." Gu Chensha was eager to improve his strength.

"Oh? So many people are here? "

Lou Baiyue's expression didn't change at all, "Li Wangsheng, you lost to me that day, and now you dare to come here to die?"

"Lou Baiyue, if you didn't rely on that mysterious Space Treasure, how could you have withstood my Demon Destroys the World?" Li Wangsheng was furious.

That day, even though Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha had cultivated the Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body and cultivated the Great Massacre God Technique, they still couldn't withstand Li Wangsheng's Demon Destroys the World.

That move was already a forbidden technique. Although it wasn't as good as the Annihilation of the Sun and Moon, it was still extremely terrifying. Especially with Li Wangsheng's cultivation, people who were a few levels higher than him might not be able to withstand it.

"Li Wangsheng, since that is the case, why don't you use Demon Destroys the World again and see if I can withstand it?" Lou Baiyue smiled, "If you fight me now, I can kill you in less than 10 moves!"

After three months of hard work, Lou Baiyue had leveled up twice and reached the Eleven Transformations Soul Tentacles. Her combat strength had increased by more than 10 times. She had absolute confidence in herself.

"Chensha, when the battle starts, immediately hide in space."

As she spoke, a wisp of her soul entered Gu Chensha's mind, "The Fourth and I are not afraid. This is a tough battle!" "Okay!"

Gu Chensha knew that his cultivation was low and if they fought, he would be a burden. If Lou Baiyue and The Fourth went all out, it would be extremely difficult for others to kill them. He hid in the Sun and Moon Altar and used the Heaven Divination Sacrifice. Sou! With a sway of his body, he disappeared.

Lou Baiyue and The Fourth looked at one another and hollered. A spirit flag floated in the air and protected the two of them. Shua! Their speed increased by 10 times.

This was the "Ten Thousand Miles Soaring Cloud Flag", an ancient treasure. Normally, it required an extremely dense Xiantian Gang Qi to activate, and ordinary experts would not be able to unleash its full power. However, Lou Baiyue's Xiantian Gang Qi was endless, and he was able to activate thirty to forty percent of the flag's power. She and The Fourth worked together to strike. They charged towards Luluha. A tough battle was about to begin.

At that moment, Gu Chensha was in the Sun and Moon Altar. He dripped fresh blood on the black lotus and then drew many talismans on the altar.

"Sun and Moon Dragon Flame!" He summoned it and instantly the talisman started to burn.

He placed the black lotus on the flame talisman and then pointed once more. Another talisman was drawn in fresh blood. The talisman was really complicated like it was calculating formulas. This was the method of the Heaven Divination Sacrifice. He had studied hard from ancient books and records.

The black lotus was the True Qi of the Great Massacre God Technique. Within it were sealed the essence blood, essence energy, and souls of the eight Dao Realm Transformation Eight Barbarian Race experts and the Mosha Crown Prince.

These people had strong souls and if they sacrificed to the Heavens, they would be able to obtain many benefits.

"Man proposes but God disposes. From the past to the future, the Heavens have evolved to test the changes of my Clumsy Fist." Gu Chensha hollered, "Sacrifice!" Kacha!

The black lotus split open and a ghostly wail spread out. That was evil energy and vengeful intent. The Mosha Crown Prince and the Barbarian Race experts gathered together had done many evil things in their lives. Vengeful souls surrounded them and they were really evil. Now, all of that was gone.

"Dust to dust, dust to dust. All sins will belong to the Heavens."

Gu Chensha clasped his hands together and more Sun and Moon Dragon Flame descended, instantly sacrificing all the souls. Weng … The moment he sacrificed, the flames turned into many diagrams.

In just a breath's time, it deduced hundreds of millions of times and evolved into many different forms of the Clumsy Fist.

Gu Chensha calmed himself down to take a look. As expected, the Heavens' divination was unique. The huge Heavens started to spin and the cultivation technique that was deduced far exceeded what he had expected.

Many details were perfected and the cultivation technique that followed seemed to have gained a lot of inspiration. Honglong! After a few breaths, the flames dissipated and everything disappeared. However, Gu Chensha had grasped the key point of the Clumsy Fist's breakthrough.

His mind spun quickly and his thoughts returned to one. In the depths of his mind, the structure of the Clumsy Fist changed once more. It turned into a mountain and land that stood tall in the universe, representing the foundation of the universe. On the top of the mountain, a bright light shone. That was the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique.

The Clumsy Fist represented the most basic thing in the world and the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique represented the highest light. The two of them were actually perfectly combined.

"I see, I see …" Gu Chensha understood, "The Clumsy Fist that I comprehended represents the most ignorant and suffering people in the world. Although it's inferior, it's the foundation. If it wasn't so, it wouldn't be able to hold up the light of the sun and moon."

"If that's the case, there's no barrier between the Clumsy Fist and the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique. Instead, I can use the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique to nourish this fist." Gu Chensha comprehended again.

In his body, the Qi and Blood Beads accumulated in the one hundred and eight acupoints suddenly exploded and turned into a majestic airflow that shuttled through his body. It seemed like it was going to turn into Innate Earth Energy.

"Hungry, I'm so hungry!"

At this moment, he felt extremely weak and hungry. It turned out that the process from the Fifth Transformation to the Sixth Transformation of the Dao State required the gathering and condensing of energy. A large amount of Qi and Blood could only turn into a wisp of Innate Earth Energy. Therefore, during the transformation process, a large amount of elixirs or the strongest Spirit Gathering Formation was required.

"Heavenly Dew, give it to me!" Gu Chensha was prepared and naturally wouldn't make a mistake at this moment.

He grabbed with his hand and the purple gold gourd appeared in his hand. There were tens of thousands of kilograms of Heavenly Dew left behind by the ancient Zhou Emperor. Lou Baiyue had given all of it to him. Gulp, gulp! He gulped down the Heavenly Dew like an elephant drinking water.

The Heavenly Dew brewed in his body and instantly turned into surging Qi and Blood. The Qi and Blood condensed again and turned into Innate Earth Energy.

All of Gu Chensha's pores shot out light. His entire body was no longer made of flesh and blood but a body of a gem. He was a head taller than before.

The meridians, Dantian, Sea of Qi, all the acupoints and organs in his body had become extremely wide.

As the Heavenly Dew was consumed in large amounts, a large amount of his Qi and Blood was also converted into Innate Earth Energy.

The Innate Earth Energy circulated in his body and merged with his flesh and blood, changing and expanding his body, making it more resilient, flexible, and flexible. There were many miraculous changes to the Body of Sun and Moon Dragons. At this moment, the strength of Gu Chensha's body far exceeded Yi Ming's Glass Jade Body.

"Sun and Moon Refinement!

I can finally break through. I won't use Blood Refinement but Energy Refinement! "Gu Chensha sensed the changes in his body. He knew that this was his biggest breakthrough. Dao Realm Six Transformations, Innate Earth Energy.

His Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique was merged together and had a new breakthrough. Sun and Moon Refinement, Sun and Moon Transformation, Sun and Moon Slaughter, and Sun and Moon Dragon all stepped into a brand new realm.

Especially the Sun and Moon Refinement, it was much more magical. In the past, he could only use blood to refine treasures, but now he could use his own Innate Earth Energy.

"Dragon Transformation Tower! I will use my own Innate Earth Energy to refine you! "

Gu Chensha had an idea and large amounts of Innate Earth Energy surged into the Dragon Transformation Tower. The moment he stepped into the Dao Realm Six Transformations, he knew the secrets of the Sun and Moon Refinement.