Chapter 98
==========

However, the barbarians were extremely strong. The main reason was not because they were familiar with the environment but because of their sacrifices.

Even children would hunt and sacrifice to the evil gods. Although the evil gods would not respond after absorbing the souls of the sacrificial offerings, as long as there were enough times, tens or even hundreds of times, there would be a few times where the evil gods would send down their energy. With the evil gods' energy in their bodies, there was no need to fear diseases or miasma.

This resulted in the barbarians being bloodthirsty and bloodthirsty regardless of their age or gender.

In the Great Yongchō, because the Heavenly Talisman Emperor abolished the sacrificial offerings to confer the gods, blood sacrifices were strictly forbidden. Gradually, the mindset of the people changed and the country became more civilized.

In theory, Gu Chensha's killing of tigers and wolves as sacrifices was in line with the ancient ways of the Heavenly Sons, but it was also against the laws of the Great Yongchō. If someone caught him, it would be a huge crime.

This showed that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's ideology was different from the ancient Heavenly Sons.

The ancient Heavenly Sons not only slaughtered beasts, but also slaughtered large numbers of slaves as sacrifices to the heavens.

Some of the slaves were enemy soldiers who had surrendered, while others were commoners who had committed crimes.

Since ancient times, the ancient Heavenly Sons' actions, sacrifices, and wars were all praised in the history books.

However, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's Heavenly Talisman Cultivation Ceremony rebuked these actions. As for who was right and who was wrong, Gu Chensha found it hard to comprehend.

Gu Chensha flew one round around his fief before descending back into the castle. He took out the newly revised Heavenly Talisman Cultivation Ceremony and read it carefully. From it, he could understand some of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's thoughts and ideology.

"I wonder how the Heavenly Designer Institute is going to build this castle in three days?

Also, the people from the Frosty Jade Dew are also in my fief, I hope they don't cause any trouble. "

He was multitasking, reading, practicing martial arts, and thinking about the construction of his fief. Everything was in order, without the slightest bit of chaos.

Beneath the forest, beside the lake, there were many tall wooden houses that were dozens of feet above the ground.

These wooden houses were newly built, and there were more than a thousand of them. Each house occupied half a mu of land and surrounded the lake. It was a spectacular sight. These were the residences of the Baoyu Kingdom.

This time, the Baoyu Nation had sent a lot of people, and they were all experts. Even the lowest level among them was a martial arts master, which was why they were able to conquer this place so quickly. Bang! In the largest parliament hall, the table was smashed into pieces. "What? Han Lu, you actually want to gift so many jades to that brat? No?

Absolutely not, I firmly oppose it. This brat cut off my finger, but I didn't take revenge on him. I still have the bigger picture in mind. In short, absolutely not! " The angry one was Yu Ba.

The fact that his finger was sliced off by Gu Chensha was a great humiliation to him. However, he had always endured it. Firstly, he was wary of the Great Yongchō Court. If he really caused trouble, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor would be enraged and the Jeweljade Nation would be reduced to dust. Secondly, there were experts by Gu Chensha's side. Even if he wanted to take revenge, it would only be a new grudge. Thirdly, the Cold Jade Dew did her best to dissuade him, allowing him to retain some face.

"Imperial Uncle, we have already broken our promise to the Nineteenth Highness. His strategy was to send us to the vicinity of the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple to engage in guerilla warfare, nibbling away at the experts there. I feel that he definitely has some trump cards up his sleeves. Initially, I wanted to accompany him, but all of you opposed it.

Fortunately, I planned to give this tribe to him as a gift, resolving this grudge. However, Imperial Uncle, you attacked him in front of everyone. That's a huge taboo. He has an esteemed status and is the son of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. If you defeat him, he will definitely lose face, but what about the Imperial Court?

You are slapping the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's face. Not to mention you, even the various countries in the Outer Seas wouldn't be able to bear the consequences. I know that Imperial Uncle has received benefits from the Tenth Highness. That's right, the Tenth Highness is stronger than the Nineteenth Highness. However, the Nineteenth Highness is obviously favored by the Imperial Court. The matter of recruiting the Baoyu Kingdom was also done by him.

If you offend him, we will be the ones to suffer in the future. "Cold Jade Dew stood up and spoke with reason." I need to repair our relationship now. Also, yesterday, Long Yuyun sent me a message saying that the Dragonsword Island has decided to support the Nineteenth Highness. Uncles, what do you all think? "

There were dozens of people present and they were all members of the Baoyu Country royal family. There were direct descendants and many experts.

"I think that Cold Jade Dew's words make sense. Based on the intel, the Nineteenth Highness is a fool. He has been a fool for 14 years and who knew that he would shock the world? He killed a Dao Realm old demon, killed a barbarian race general, and now he even has a Dao Realm Transformation Seven Highness as a servant. How shocking."

An old man supported Cold Jade Dew, "Yu Ba, you had a fortuitous encounter when you were young and married the maid of Heart Fox King, one of the 72 caves under Ten Thousand Dragon Nest. You obtained a thread of Ten Thousand Dragon True Qi which allowed you to have your current achievements. You have cultivated to Dao Realm Six Transformations and are able to do as you please in the royal family. Will you call others Master?"

"Right, someone at Dao Realm Transformation Seven is already a top expert. He definitely won't be a servant. Even if he entered the Heavenly Craftsman Institute, he could barely be a Dragon Craftsman."

Another royal family member supported Cold Jade Dew, "I think that the Nineteenth Highness definitely has a strong expert supporting him." "I object!"

Another royal family member said, "Heaven Talisman Emperor fought the barbarian race and all the princes contributed so much. Only the Nineteenth Prince couldn't even take down a single tribe. We had to give it to him. What is the point of that? If he was strong, would that be the case?

Maybe he is someone else's chess piece. There are so many strong princes, so why should we follow him?

A few days ago, I received an invitation from the Seventh Prince's side, and they offered me many satisfactory conditions.

I think we can try to come into contact with him. After all, he is really strong and his family is the top aristocratic family in the past 1,000 years. "

"The Seventh Prince is strong and because of that, if we join him, we won't get any benefits." Cold Jade Dew retorted, "Did Heaven Talisman Emperor have high hopes for him? What happened in the end? " "Anyway, I won't join him." Yu Ba gave out a sharp laugh, "So what if he is Heaven Talisman Emperor? If he destroys my Baoyu Country, I will bring people to join Heart Fox King. "

"Royal Uncle, do you think that after offending Heaven Talisman Emperor, Heart Fox King will accept you?

It's useless even if you hide in the legendary sacred ground of the demon race, the Nest of Myriad Dragons. I've only heard rumors that the lord of the Nest of Myriad Dragons, the King of Myriad Demons, Li Wanlong, almost died in the hands of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. "

Cold Jade Dew continued, "Everything under the sky belongs to the king. If Heaven Talisman Emperor can seal the barbarian evil gods, he will truly sweep through the world and no one will be able to resist him."

"Heaven Talisman Emperor is Heaven Talisman Emperor, this brat is this brat. There are so many strong princes, but they chose to join the weakest one. I will definitely not allow it."

Yu Ba's voice grew louder and louder. "In short, if you want to give him a jade stone, I will definitely oppose it. Also, unless he apologizes to this prince and gives me a generous gift, I will not bother with him. Otherwise, there will be a day when I will make him beg for death, unable to do so!

One thousand sets of Horned Dragon Armor, no, three thousand sets, I can reluctantly accept this as compensation. " Just as he finished speaking. Crackle! Suddenly, a loud sound came from outside, causing the mountains to shake.

"What happened?" Everyone jumped out of the houses. Instantly, they saw an inconceivable scene.

Countless tall shadows appeared in the forest. These shadows had form but no substance, like ghosts and gods, but under their control, the trees in the surrounding forest flew up, the soil was cut open, and countless boulders fell from the sky, smashing deep into the ground. In an instant, many mountains were transformed.

Soon after, the castle in the middle, which was originally made of wood and stone, was emptied in an instant. Ghostly shadows came and went, and the huge castle was carried into the distant forest by those ghostly shadows, filling up some ravines. The mountain leading to the outside also split open, causing the earth to tremble.

"This is …" Many people panicked, especially the barbarian slaves who screamed.

"Everyone, don't be afraid."

At this moment, Gu Chensha flew into the sky, letting out a thunderous roar, "This is the territory I hired the Heavenly Designer Institution to create. Everyone, come out and stand on the empty ground."

At that moment, another voice was even louder than his, "Heavenly Designer Institution is using the Heavenly Designer Ghosts and Gods to build it. Don't panic and don't move around. Just stand on the empty ground."

This was Masao Xiangshan. He held a flag in his hand and there were dragon-like runes on it. He also held an edict which gave off an aura that could control ghosts and gods.

Gu Chensha didn't expect the Heavenly Designer Institute to come so quickly, acting in the middle of the night.

He immediately gathered his subordinates and gathered everyone on the square beside the lake, including the barbarian slaves.

Originally, the barbarian slaves would have tried to escape and kill the guards, but there were many black shadows and numerous ghosts and gods moved them like goods, placing them in a safe area. The barbarian slaves didn't dare to move at all. Even the soldiers in the castle were moved by the ghosts and gods. Even the experts of Baoyu Nation were dumbfounded by such a scene.

Yi Ming had been instructed by Gu Chensha to hide and watch from afar. He was filled with respect for the Heavenly Designer Institute's methods. To be able to enslave ghosts and gods like that, they had to be above Dao Realm Transformation 20.

"Those are people from Baoyu Country?"

A look of disdain appeared on Masao Xiangshan's face, "Your Highness has accepted the Emperor's orders to recruit them, but you have to be careful that they are fickle and can't be trusted. The people of Baoyu Country are simple and honest, but these royal family members only care about benefits. They have raised conditions several times. If not for the Emperor taking pity on the people and feeling that they are innocent, he would have sent troops to wipe them out."

"Thank you for the reminder. Although they are capricious, they are not evil people. The world is bustling, and everyone comes for benefits. The world is bustling, and everyone goes there for benefits. This is human nature." Gu Chensha's heart was clear, and he had an idea.