Chapter 621
===========

In the face of Yuhuan Lu's insults, Wan Senshi said, "Little girl, I'll let you have your way with words now, but you won't regret it later."

As he spoke, Wan Senshi was about to take Yuhuan Lu back to the headquarters of the Alliance of Myriad Immortals. But at that moment, a woman appeared.

"Immortal Master Wan, for better or worse, you're one of the ancient existences who possessed great power even before history.

Now, you actually dare to make a move against a little girl. I'm amazed. "The woman's voice was faintly discernible.

"What?

Immortal Master, are you going to meddle in my business? "Wan Senshi stopped. He could already tell that this woman was the Immortal Master. In the realm of demons, the Immortal Master was even more mysterious and powerful than God Maha. But from the looks of it, Wan Senshi was not afraid of the Immortal Master.

"I'm not meddling in your business. This is a fight between you and those brats from the Calming Immortal Bureau.

I'd love nothing more than for you to injure each other and reap the benefits. "The Immortal Master did not hide it." That way, the imperial court would be under my daughter's control.

In the end, the Divine Central Continent, the Great Yongchō Court, and my daughter would be the Prince. What's wrong with that? " "So that's what you think, Immortal Master."

Immortal Master Wan said, "I thought that you would come to stop me when I wanted to carry out the World Saving Ritual and kill your man." "Why would I stop you?"

The Immortal Master laughed. "If you want to carry out the Great Sacrificial Ceremony, I can't even help you. Why would I stop you? My man is too strong, I can't control him at all. If you carry out the Great Sacrificial Ceremony, you can weaken his strength and let him be with me. This is also one of my plans.

"Immortal Lord, your way of thinking is just too shocking. You should know that Gu Trampling Immortal isn't human, nor is he a devil, nor is he a demon. He's not a god, nor is he a god. We don't even know what he is."

Wan Senshi said, "Besides, if my Great Rite of Salvation succeeds, he will definitely be devoured by the Heavenly Dao. When that happens, you won't have him even if you want to."

"We'll talk about it later. In any case, it's just a test. In short, I came to you today to tell you not to make a move against my daughter, or else we'll go all out. Although I can't do anything to you, you can't do anything to me either. We are both existences of the same era," the Immortal Master said.

"Don't worry, I'm well aware of your methods, Celestial Master. Moreover, if you don't disrupt my Great Ceremony of Salvation, I won't fall out with you. If we fight, both of us will suffer. As for those little fellows from the Celestial Calmness Department, they don't have the qualifications to fight with me, and I won't let you reap any benefits either. Immortal Master, are you interested in having a share? "Wan Senshi tried to tempt him.

"Wan Senshi, if you look down on those little guys, you might suffer a big loss. You should know that Gu Chensha has cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique, which allows him to change at will. It's impossible for you to predict him. Perhaps, he has already infiltrated your Union of Ten Thousand Immortals." The Immortal Master revealed the most crucial information.

"Heavenly Dao Technique."

Wan Senshi said, "The Dharma Saint has long told me about this. However, this technique has never appeared since the beginning of time, and no one has succeeded in cultivating it. Whether it's true or not is still debatable. Even if it's true, that little guy's cultivation base is too low. Power is power, and it won't change because of anything. If that little guy becomes a God, he can use the quality of the Heavenly Dao Technique to activate the power of the world and operate the medium-sized world. Then, he might pose a threat to me. But now, he's just a pesky fly, a petty thief who can't play a big role."

"Do you know that Zhuge Ya has already cultivated to the God Realm? His cultivation base is not to be underestimated. He's now contacting the Universe Profound Sect, Taiyi Profound Sect, and Heavenly Dance Profound Sect. He's going to destroy your Union of Ten Thousand Immortals at all costs. You've underestimated the determination of those little guys.

These little fellows are like newborn calves that are not afraid of tigers. In addition, they have a strong aura. After being humiliated by your subordinates who captured them like this, they will naturally fight with their lives on the line. We old fellows can endure it. When we encounter something, as long as it doesn't hurt our foundation, we can take our time to think about it. But these little fellows are different.

Zhuge Ya is the Lord of Two Seven Stars. Even the legendary Lord of Sun and Moon is only a little higher than him.

Moreover, he has all of Jiang Gongwang's wisdom. If you take him lightly, I'm afraid you'll fail miserably.

You should know that your strength is not as good as the Xing Qiong Clan's Great Divine Land Technique. " The Immortal Master revealed many secrets.

"Oh? I have miscalculated this time. That Zhuge Ya has actually cultivated to the Deity level?

According to my calculations, he won't be able to break through within a year. He has two Seven Star Profundities, and there are some things in his heart that are difficult to assimilate. If he doesn't solve that problem, he'll be stuck at that critical juncture. Now that he's broken through, it's a bit beyond my expectations. "Wan Senshi was lost in thought.

"Your Dao of Divination can practically predict 129,600 future paths. You can say that you've reached your limits. However, there are still some places that you can't predict. The reason why I'm here today is to tell you about it, so that your plans will be even more perfect." The Immortal Master smiled.

"Oh?

What's your goal? "Wan Senshi asked." Since you're here to tell me, you won't be speaking without thinking. "

"Of course," the Immortal Master said. "I also hope to break up the Calming Immortal Department, and let my daughter's Heavenly Designer Institute take over. If you want to hold the Grand Ceremony of Salvation, after my daughter becomes the empress, she can assist you. What do you say? Your goal is clear, and so is mine. There's no conflict between us, is there? " "You're right, but the Grand Ceremony of Salvation requires the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree."

Wan Senshi pointed into the distance. "Your daughter cannot control the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree. The one who controls it is Wu Dangkong." "Wu Dangkong?

I wonder what kind of destiny she has that she can gain the favor of the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree. "

The Immortal Master shook his head. "However, I have a way to strip the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree from her."

"Immortal Master, if you had that ability, then you wouldn't need to cooperate with me. The Heavenly Sacrificial Decree is on the same level as the Boundless Realms."

Immortal Master Wan sneered. "Don't tell me you think that your strength has already reached the realm of the Great Thousand Realms? You and I are both from a medium-grade realm, so we should know how great the true Great Thousand Realms are. It's not something that living beings can control. " "The Heavenly Dao is constantly changing. Who can say what will happen in the future?

Moreover, I have obtained some of my man's bloodline. You should know how amazing this bloodline is. That boy Gu Chensha managed to cultivate the Heavenly Dao because he refined this bloodline. "

The Immortal Master said, "I still have a very deep foundation. Wan Senshi, this is the reason why I had a child with Gu Taxian in the past."

"If that's the case, then you have indeed obtained great benefits," Wan Senshi said. "Then let's join forces and divide up the Celestial Tranquility Bureau. What do you want?"

"I only want people. That Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, Gu Huasha, Zhuge Ya, Jin Suibo, and a few other little fellows. Everything else can belong to you." The Immortal Master said. "Including the medium-grade realm!"

"You're really willing. I don't plan on taking those people. Even if I do, those people are rebellious and will bite you at any time. As the saying goes, nurturing a tiger will invite calamity. Even if I capture those little fellows, I will refine them all. Since you want people, then you can have them.

However, you said that those little fellows are desperate. If I slap their faces, then they will fight me to the death. You can't just sit on the mountain and watch the tigers fight. Since you want to divide up with me, then you have to make a move. How about it? "Wan Senshi knew that the Immortal Master was an existence that could speak to him on equal terms.

"Didn't you join forces with the Dharma Saint?"

The Immortal Master asked. "Now that he has obtained the position of True God and is cooperating with Wu Dangkong, it is very likely that he will be able to cultivate a medium-grade realm."

"The Dharma Saint's realm has also reached the Celestial Master level. He is indeed somewhat powerful, but he and I are not on the same side. Although he has joined forces with me now, he can play tricks on me at any time." Wan Senshi was still somewhat afraid of the Dharma Saint.

The Dharma Saint's cultivation was slowly recovering. Although compared to Wan Senshi, he was still a junior, he was still an ancient Great Sage. Moreover, he was a Sage who had broken away from the shackles of the Heavenly Dao. Even Wan Senshi felt that the things that he had comprehended were very valuable. However, for the time being, Wan Senshi could still suppress the Dharma Saint.

The Dharma Saint also admitted that Wan Senshi was much, much stronger than him. Therefore, the Dharma Saint had pulled Wu Dangkong along and borrowed the power of her Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. In this way, Wan Senshi wouldn't be able to scheme against him.

Once the Dharma Saint recovered his strength and transformed all of his Dharma Realms into a medium-grade realm, his wings would be fully fledged, and he wouldn't need to fear those old fogies.

In fact, although the Dharma Saint had joined forces with Wan Senshi to resist the Tranquil Immortal Department, he was still more vigilant against Wan Senshi than he was against the Tranquil Immortal Department. Most of his energy was focused on preventing Wan Senshi from annexing him or even harming him. Each and every one of these old fogies would eat people up without spitting out the bones.

The Dharma Saint knew that the three Celestial Masters were the same. Since ancient times, it was unknown how many formidable existences had become nourishment for the three Celestial Masters. As for Wan Senshi, he was definitely not a good person.

"Since that's the case, let's join forces and exterminate the Dharma Saint and the Tranquil Immortal Department.

The Legalists want to refine their own medium-grade realm, which is a threat to us. We have to exterminate them.

If he manages to refine a medium-grade realm, then wouldn't he be able to contend with us and negotiate with us? His ideals and will aren't of the same mind as ours. We absolutely can't let him grow, "said the Immortal Master.

"You mean we should kill the Dharma Saint before he manages to refine a medium-grade realm?" asked Wan Senshi.