Chapter 808
===========

"That's right. I know. The Emperor Of Heaven is about to be born. In fact, he might have already been born.

From ancient times until now, the world has been in a state of chaos. The Emperor Of Heaven has been born, unifying countless universes, and even the past and the future. He has straightened out space-time. However, all of that is futile. Although I'm not the Emperor Of Heaven, I'm definitely going to refine the Emperor Of Heaven's throne. I'm going to make sure that the Emperor Of Heaven's people are born before they can even be born. "

Gu Chensha had recently gained enlightenment of the Emperor Of Heaven's Dao, and had come to understand some profound principles.

The Emperor Of Heaven had indeed been born. However, it wasn't him, nor was it someone from the Celestial Tranquility Department. It wasn't Gu Chensha, nor was it Fen Myriad Realms. In fact, it wasn't even Xuan Xin and the others. Gu Chensha still had no way of divining the identity of the Emperor Of Heaven.

However, he knew that this person was hiding in the Central Divine Prefecture. He didn't even know that he was the future Emperor Of Heaven. However, he already had the feeling that he was invincible in the world.

In this grand age, he was in control of the Celestial Tranquility Department. In the Central Divine Prefecture, he had reached the pinnacle of power. Even the old-timers would have to form an alliance to stand up to him. However, he wasn't the main character. The main character was the Emperor Of Heaven. The Emperor Of Heaven hadn't risen to prominence yet.

Once he did, he would be the villain that the main character had to defeat. In the end, the main character would slay him, and then trample him beneath his feet. This was a change in the future that was virtually irreversible.

Originally, Gu Chensha understood this. However, as he gathered more and more Endless Treasures, and began to gain enlightenment of the Emperor Of Heaven's Dao, he began to understand all of these changes.

However, to Gu Chensha, this was nothing more than a challenge. He could even reverse the Heavenly Daos. Although the Emperor Of Heaven was the embodiment of the Heavenly Daos, it was still a huge opportunity for him. If he could reform the Emperor Of Heaven and take him under his wing, then his Dao of All Living Beings Would Be United would truly be complete. If the Emperor Of Heaven sacrificed himself, how powerful would that sacrifice be? That was what Gu Chensha wanted to do?

"If you know this," he said, "then you should repent.

"If you know," he said, "you should repent. Otherwise, if he continued to go against the flow like this, he might just die.

In fact, they might even face something even more terrifying than death, just like the two brothers, Thunder Extreme Source and Thunder Extreme Blood, who are still kneeling in the plaza of the imperial palace. " "You've said so much just so that I won't attack you? This was too whimsical.

I, Gu Chensha, the Immortal Tranquility Division, and the Yongchō, have never feared anyone. Furthermore, it doesn't matter who the Emperor Of Heaven is. Whoever I say is the Emperor Of Heaven, that person is the Emperor Of Heaven.

Whoever I say is not the Emperor Of Heaven is not the Emperor Of Heaven. "Gu Chensha held out his hand." Give it to me. " "How dare you!"

At this moment, the cold and handsome man, Immortal Slayer, locked his gaze on Gu Chensha. Suddenly, he waved his hand and a blade light flew out. However, this blade light had wings and eyes. It stared at Gu Chensha and directly slashed down.

"Good blade light, but its power is about the same as the Infinite Blade. It can't hurt me at all."

Gu Chensha stretched out two fingers and gently clamped down on the saber light. The saber light was like a bird that kept flying between Gu Chensha's fingers. It wanted to fly out, but it was to no avail.

The blade light was like a bird, exactly the same as the bird-shaped characters on the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree. Birds were existences that could communicate with the heavens, and bird-shaped characters were ancient Heavenly Dao Inscriptions.

Gu Chensha caught the bird-shaped blade light and casually threw it into his Divine Land Gourd. Then, without another word, he raised the Divine Land Gourd. It had the power to swallow heaven and earth, and the entire world was contained within it.

Dou Yiyu suddenly found himself surrounded by darkness. Then the world changed, as if they had arrived in the Divine Land.

She and Gu Chensha were actually in the center of the Divine Land's Sin Province, in the Bottomless Sea of Sin.

However, the Bottomless Sea of Sin in the Divine Land had completely disappeared. In its place was a capital city. In the center of the capital city was an imperial palace, and in the center of the imperial palace was a throne. No one could tell what color the throne was, because no color could describe its sacredness and greatness.

This was the throne of Emperor Heaven that Gu Chensha had created himself. Although it wasn't the real Emperor Heaven, it already had some majesty.

"This is!" Dou Yiyu hurriedly used all sorts of methods, but found that he couldn't fly.

"This is my true Divine Land, the real Divine Land. The current Divine Land of the Central Continent is flawed, and I will perfect it and rebuild it."

Gu Chensha said: "The entire Divine Land is actually the Emperor Heaven's Heavenly Court. One day, in the future, the Divine Land of the Central Continent will rise to become the true Heavenly Court.

Dou Yiyu, what you just said is all true, but it's not your own enlightenment. It's the will of the Immortal-Slaying God-Punishing Gourd that has finally been fully activated. Is that right? "

"The Immortal-Slaying God-Punishing Gourd has its own destiny. You can't take it. The Emperor Heaven has come into being, and it is the Emperor Heaven's weapon."

Dou Yiyu moved, seemingly fusing with the Immortal-Slaying God-Punishing Gourd. He released the sharpest killing intent in the world, ready to charge out.

"It's no use. My Divine Land's gourd is already complete. I want to create a perfect Divine Land, which is connected to the Emperor Heaven of the Heavenly Court.

It just so happens that the Immortal-Slaying God-Punishing Gourd is connected to the Emperor Heaven. It's the Emperor Heaven's weapon of punishment, and it'll be a resource for me to create the True Divine Land. " Gu Chensha said: "Your gourd isn't a match for my gourd. Don't struggle pointlessly. Give it to me! "

Within the Divine Land Gourd, Gu Chensha was in complete control of the situation. His palm expanded, and like the hand of the Emperor Heaven, he grabbed the Immortal-Slaying God-Punishing Gourd.

The handsome man called Immortal-Slaying howled as he tried to fight back against Gu Chensha. Thousands of bird-shaped blade lights appeared and swept toward Gu Chensha.

"You're hitting a rock with an egg. Struggle pointlessly." Gu Chensha waved his hand and extinguished the thousands of bird-shaped blade lights.

The Immortal Slaying God Vanquishing Gourd was far more powerful than it had been in the Primordial Age. In the Primordial Age, the saber radiance unleashed by the gourd was enough to tear the Xing Qiong Clan into pieces. But now, the hundreds and thousands of bird-shaped saber radiance were more than enough to mince the Xing Qiong Clan into pieces. But such power wasn't enough for Gu Chensha.

After extinguishing the thousands of bird-shaped blade lights, Gu Chensha's hand grabbed the Immortal-Slaying God-Punishing Gourd. With a slight movement, he grabbed Dou Yiyu from within. Then, he spat a mouthful of vital energy into the gourd. Immediately, a huge seal in the depths of the gourd broke, and the will of a Heavenly Lord appeared. It was Chang Weiyang's will. It was already extremely weak, on the verge of being refined and dying.

"Your injuries are so severe that you're not far from death. But to me, this is nothing."

Gu Chensha channeled his own World Energy into the will. Immediately, the will expanded. In the blink of an eye, it transformed into a woman. It was none other than Chang Weiyang.

"This is my tribulation. I've become a Divergent and cultivated to become a Heavenly Lord. Naturally, there will be a tribulation. After this tribulation, I'll be unrivaled in the world."

Chang Weiyang took on a physical form. It was Chensha. She bowed and said, "Thank you for saving me, Your Highness. I'll never forget it. From now on, I'll sacrifice my life for the Immortal-Slaying Department." "Sect Leader Weiyang, there's no need to stand on ceremony."

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "I've already revived your father, Chang Yuzhou. Now that the Heavenly Dao is changing, it's time for a hero to achieve his goals. Let's support the universe together and establish a brand new Heavenly Dao." "Dou Yiyu."

Chang Weiyang turned her head and spoke to Dou Yiyu, "The schemes of the three Heavenly Venerables might have succeeded in the Supreme Ancient Era, flourishing for a long time. They are merely clowns. Now that they know they aren't a match for the Immortal-Slaying Department, they decided to form an alliance to seek peace. You and I fought, and both of us broke through to the Heavenly Venerable Realm. After that, the three Heavenly Venerables activated their techniques to suppress me. This wasn't your original intention, but you wanted to refine me later on, wanting to fuse me into the gourd to increase its might. You were too impatient and I can choose not to take revenge for this. If you join the Immortal-Slaying Department, we'll be comrades and we can support each other in the future, achieving great things in this great tribulation." "Why? Chang Weiyang, you want to persuade me to surrender?" Dou Yiyu asked.

"It's not surrendering, it's advancing a step further and obtaining a ladder."

Chang Weiyang continued, "The three Heavenly Venerables refuse to realize their mistakes, thinking themselves to be scheming and farsighted. In truth, it's precisely because of this. Chu Feng's path is the Heavenly Dao, while you use strength to prove your dao.

Who do you think will emerge victorious in the battle between the heaven-dao and Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman?

If the heaven-dao wins, then the Emperor Of Heaven you speak of will be born, and the Calmness Immortal Department will be defeated. But if Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman wins, then King Chensha will be the Emperor Of Heaven. There's no choice. " "There's no way Gu Taxian will win."

Dou Yiyu waved his hand dismissively. "Truth be told, Gu Taxian is also a part of the tribulation. His entanglement with the heaven-dao is an illusion created by the three of you. In truth, the heaven-dao is completely under your control. " "Who gave you this information?"

Gu Chensha sighed. "You've already entered the tribulation, and you're bewildered by the five colors. But that doesn't matter. I've already imprisoned you in the Divine God Gourd, and I'll slowly refine you. If you come to your senses, then you can come out at any time. But if you refuse to come to your senses, then you're dead for sure. As for the Immortal-Slaying God-Executioner Gourd, I'll destroy it first. Lightning, come! " RUMBLE!

Shockingly, a ball of lightning appeared above Gu Chensha's head. It was similar to the Primeval Desolation Dragon Lightning, and pulsed with world-destroying power. A single strike.

The handsome Immortal-Slaying God-Executioner let out a mournful wail as he retreated back into the gourd. Shockingly, cracks appeared on the surface of the gourd.

'Marvelous. My Primeval Desolation Dragon Lightning has the power to destroy a chiliocosm of worlds, but it can't destroy the gourd. From this, it can be seen that the gourd still has a lot of room for growth. Once I refine it, my understanding of the Emperor Of Heaven will deepen.

I'll be able to deduce some clues about the identity of the Emperor Of Heaven. 'Gu Chensha wasn't shocked. Rather, he was delighted. A nineteen-year-old girl caught masturbating on a livestream platform! Follow the official WeChat account: meinvpai1 (long press for three seconds to copy) to watch!