Chapter 296
===========

Regardless of who obtained the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, half of it would be shared with Gu Chensha.

Previously, Gu Chensha had inexplicably obtained the blessing of the Heavenly Dao Divine Light, expanding his sea of consciousness, strengthening his psyche, and improving his cultivation by leaps and bounds. After careful analysis, he knew that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's words' man conquers the heavens' had distorted the Heavenly Dao.

This was something that had never happened since ancient times. From this, it could be inferred that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was fine. In fact, he seemed to have gained the upper hand in the battle against the Heavenly Dao. With this, Gu Chensha felt much more at ease. The situation in the Great Yongchō Court also didn't worsen.

But this time, to him, to the Calming Immortal Bureau, it was truly a great calamity. He just didn't know if they could survive it.

"Hm? There seems to be a lot of good stuff at the borders. "

Gu Chensha secretly scanned the entire bazaar with his psyche. Instantly, he discovered many good medicinal herbs, rare ores, wild beast fur, and even the remains of magic treasures.

In the Desolate Wilderness, there had been countless battles since ancient times. In the ancient era, there were Heavenly Sons of Heaven crusading against the immortals, demons, demons, and gods. Everywhere in the Desolate Wilderness was a battlefield. Many immortals and devils had fallen, and there were even the remains of heavenly demons and gods.

Some people would rise to the heavens in a single step if they met someone who knew what was good for them. For example, someone once discovered a heavenly demon relic in the Desolate Wilderness.

This was the condensation of pure primordial spirit energy. In the past, Gu Chensha couldn't refine it. But now, Gu Chensha had the strength to fuse the relic into his sea of consciousness, expanding it and strengthening his primordial spirit. Such a pure primordial spirit crystal was the best nourishment.

However, when Gu Chensha scanned the bazaar with his psyche, he didn't discover any heavenly demon relic. Instead, he discovered a different kind of energy fluctuation. It was a fist-sized stone, dark red in color. He could sense that there was something different about this stone.

Thus, he strolled over and discovered a burly man who had built a large wooden house and was setting up a stall. This burly man was ten feet tall, with broad shoulders and a round waist. He was even more muscular than a bull. His face was crimson red, and his long beard reached his chest. With one look, one could tell that he had the aura of a peerless warrior.

Gu Chensha realized that this guy was actually at Dao Realm Transformation Four. He was able to swallow metal and turn stone into one.

However, that was his discovery. In the eyes of others, the burly man was only a Martial Dao Grand Master.

It was because this large man was hiding his strength. He had an extremely powerful talisman on him that concealed his own strength, so that he could play the pig to eat the tiger. But anything hidden under his Sun Moon Dragon Eyes could not be hidden.

The sun and moon hung high in the sky, illuminating everything. Nothing could hide from the sun and moon.

Once he cultivated to Dao Realm Transformation Four, he would be able to move freely in the forest. He wouldn't need armor and the poisonous fog wouldn't be able to invade him. Under such circumstances, many good treasures could be found.

Within the burly man's wooden house, there were many good things. There were herbs, blades, and even some hidden weapons.

Gu Chensha wasn't interested in those things. With his current status, he had everything. The herbs and equipment in the Calming Celestial Department were enough to make any expert go crazy with jealousy. He stared at a dark red stone that was placed among the herbs. His soul seeped in and peeked at it.

The power of the soul wasn't simple. It was invisible and formless. Not to mention this burly man, even a Golden Core Dao expert wouldn't be able to sense Gu Chensha's soul power.

One had to know that Gu Chensha's soul was comprehended from the Son of Heaven Sealing Technique and many fortuitous encounters. Especially after Lou Baiyue comprehended the Common People Reforming Heaven Technique, it merged with his Common People Repairing Heaven Technique. Spiritual Sense connected and the soul intertwined. Slowly, it gave birth to a strong technique that had never been seen before. Even the techniques cultivated by the gods couldn't compare to Gu Chensha's and Lou Baiyue's.

The Son of Heaven Sealing Technique and the Great Massacre God Technique were combined. In addition to the Book of Heavenly Demon, the Myriad Star Flying Immortal Technique, and other martial arts, it formed a technique of its own. His physical body, Stellar Energy, and soul had reached an unfathomable and invincible realm.

"There seems to be something special about this stone. It's …" The power of his soul seeped into it, and suddenly, Gu Chensha's mind turned scarlet-red. The power of his soul had been burned by a supreme and pure will of fire, almost injuring him.

He immediately retracted his soul and comprehended in his sea of consciousness. "This … could this be a Vermillion Bird egg?

It's just a dead object, just like the Black Tortoise egg. If not for my Sun and Moon Dragon Blood activating the vitality within, no one would have been able to save it. This Vermillion Bird egg is the same. "

He was slightly excited. He didn't expect to find a dead Vermillion Bird egg in the border customs market.

He still had the Son of Heaven Sealing Technique, and his cultivation was incomparable to before. With his Sun and Moon Dragon Aura, he should be able to activate this Vermillion Bird egg soon.

At that time, one Vermillion Bird and one Black Tortoise, water and fire complementing each other. The power in his fief would increase by ten times.

"How much is this stone?" Gu Chensha asked the burly man.

"You're interested in this stone?" The burly man stared at Gu Chensha and sized him up. "Do you know what this stone is?"

"I don't know, but it looks pretty good. I've always liked rare things. It's not bad to buy it and carve a seal on it." Gu Chensha naturally couldn't say that it might be a Vermillion Bird egg.

In fact, if he didn't have a deep understanding of the Four Symbols Qi in the Book of Heavenly Demon and the Black Tortoise bloodline in his body, he wouldn't have sensed the mystery in this stone.

In fact, he didn't have to go through so much trouble to buy it. He could just roll it up and put it in his pocket. Although the burly man in front of him was powerful, he wasn't worth mentioning in his eyes. However, he wouldn't snatch it from him.

If it were anyone else, let alone the Fiend Dao or Demon Dao, even the Immortal Dao would kill him and snatch the treasure without a second word. Why would they care about the burly man's wishes?

"Scholar, this is a treasure, not a stone."

The burly man's eyes flickered with craftiness. It was obvious that he was going to extort him. "If you sincerely want it, I'll take ten sets of Horned Wyrm Armor." "Ten sets of Horned Wyrm Armor?"

Before Gu Chensha could speak, a voice came from behind. It was the female knight from the Fortune Alliance. She laughed. "What stone is this? Why is it so expensive? One set of Horned Wyrm Armor can buy ten thousand of these stones. " "Everyone has their own preferences."

The burly man glanced at the female knight coldly. "Buy it or not. Just ten sets of Horned Wyrm Armor, no bargaining." "You're not doing business, are you?"

The female knight, Yao Lian, said to Gu Chensha. "Brother Chen, let's go. I want to discuss the details of going into the forest to kill the barbarians."

"That's fine." Gu Chensha cupped his hands at the burly man. "Even if business doesn't work out, there's no need to hurt our friendship." As he spoke, he walked out with the female knight. The burly man didn't chase after them.

However, Gu Chensha's eyebrows twitched. A wisp of his primordial spirit attached to the Vermilion Bird egg. He wanted to see what this burly man was up to. Moreover, this Vermilion Bird egg couldn't fall into the hands of others.

In addition, he was also afraid of some conspiracy. After all, the Black Tortoise egg was stolen from the Demonic Ape Temple. The experts of the Demonic Ape Temple should know that it was a Black Tortoise egg. However, because it was a fossil, there was no way to hatch it. Even the Demonic Ape God of Chaos couldn't do anything about it. Thus, it was stored in the treasury to hold the fort. They planned to hatch it after the Dragon Transformation Pagoda was successfully refined. Unfortunately, it was stolen by Gu Chensha before it could completely hatch.

Later, Gu Chensha actually hatched a Black Tortoise. In this way, such an important report would definitely be studied in detail by the Barbarians and the Monster Race. Perhaps, this Vermilion Bird egg was a trap set by the Monster Race and the Barbarians. Gu Chensha was careful in everything. He planned before taking action. He wouldn't be impatient.

He and the female knight, Yao Lian, left this place and came to another row of tall and spacious wooden houses.

The environment here was harsh. It was wet all year round. Clothes wouldn't dry at all. The ground was muddy, and there were even swamps in the distance. If one wasn't careful, they would sink into it. If an ordinary person came here, mold would even grow on their body.

However, the wooden houses that Hongyun Yun had built were tall and spacious. They were far from the ground, and a layer of quicklime was laid under the wooden houses to dry them. They had also sprinkled insect repellent around them.

They didn't have the ability to collect insects like the Gu Poison Sect did. They could only chase away poisonous insects. Moreover, this was only a temporary residence. It wasn't worth building or managing.

Just as Gu Chensha and the group of knights from Hongyun Yun Yun entered the wooden houses, the shrill cries of apes suddenly came from the distant forest.

"Those damned demonic apes have begun their attack again." Yao Lian's expression changed. "Everyone, follow me and prepare."

Through the window of the wooden house, Gu Chensha could see the silhouettes of countless demonic apes appearing in the depths of the dense forest.

These demonic apes were as fast as the wind. Their eyes were blood-red, and they were filled with killing intent. They were tall, strong, and had bones of steel.

These demonic apes were the descendants of the Chaotic Demonic Ape God. Their bloodline contained a trace of divinity, and they were innately powerful. Roar! Thousands of demonic apes leaped out from the forest and galloped over.

These demonic apes actually had the aura of an army charging. Furthermore, some of these demonic apes were wearing armor, and they were actually holding weapons like swords, sabers, spears, etc.

Since ancient times, the demonic apes didn't have the habit of wearing armor and holding weapons. Now, it actually changed.

"Brothers, the opportunity is here. Capture these demonic apes alive. We can sell them for quite a lot of money."

Just as these demonic apes were charging over, many traps appeared on the ground. Many of the charging demonic apes fell into the traps.

There were many needles and anesthetics in the depths of the traps. When the demonic apes fell into the traps, they actually fainted. At this moment, a large group of experts rushed out and threw smoke bombs into the demonic apes. Those demonic apes also fainted when they came into contact with the smoke.

"This is an extremely intense bewildering smoke."

Gu Chensha's expression changed. "The Wu Clan's people are indeed formidable. This bewildering smoke can actually be used on the battlefield."