Chapter 499
===========

Gu Chensha used the power of his Heavenly Dao Technique to activate the power of the Buddha statue.

The Buddha statue unleashed its power, like a God-level expert activating a secret Buddhist technique, enveloping the entire Sin Province and purifying all the demons that had appeared in the Sin Province.

The Sin Province was the center of the Divine Land, connected to the bottomless Sea of Sin. Since ancient times, it had been the first place where demon disasters broke out. Although the demon disaster had not broken out yet, there were also radical demons crawling out of the Sea of Sin and expanding everywhere. They tried to kill the people, obtain souls and blood, or refine magic treasures, or use them as sacrifices to the demon gods and demon saints of the demon race to obtain power.

If it was in the past, the people of China would be almost vulnerable. Even if a group of ordinary demons came, they would completely destroy the village and the army.

Even ordinary ox-headed demons were extremely powerful. They were covered in scales, invulnerable, muscular, and weighed three thousand kilograms. They could run as if they were flying, and they held weapons made of nether iron. If they encountered a heavily-armored knight, they could split him in half with one move. Since ancient times, a dozen ox-headed demons could scatter an army during a demon disaster.

When Gu Chensha first debuted, it was only the 14th year of Heavenly Talisman. He arrived at Xian Province's Ba Nan Province, which was attacked by the barbarians. The governor of Ba Nan Province had already recruited two martial arts grandmasters, and they were helpless against the attack of the old demon demon of Dao Realm, Black Demon Bat.

Eleven years had passed, and now it was the 25th year of Heavenly Talisman. There were experts everywhere in the world. Dao Realm was rare in the past, but now it was everywhere. Mortal realm martial arts grandmasters were not even on the stage. Moreover, armor, flying swords, fire talisman spears, and even hand cannons were everywhere. The demons had no advantage at all.

Even the Horned Dragon Armor could tear an ox-headed demon apart with bare hands, let alone the Horned Dragon Armor. There was also the Star Pawn Sword and Star Pawn Armor. Now, the Human Dragon Armor was even more invincible.

The people of the world were now full of hidden dragons and crouching tigers. The days when some small fries of the demon race could run rampant were gone. Rumble!

The entire Sin Province had a circumference of seven to eight hundred thousand kilometers. It was incomparably vast, and there were many demons entrenched within it. Now that these demons had been touched by the golden light, they all changed their appearances and were wrapped in a layer of gold. They put their palms together and rushed out of the Sin Province.

The demons gathered outside the city of Sin Province were all sitting cross-legged on the ground, muttering scriptures as if they had completely converted. It was much purer than chanting the Great Mahākāśyapa Mantra in the Demon Realm's Nether Iron Fortress, forgetting about death. These strange phenomena immediately attracted many experts to the Sin Province to watch. However, even an expert would not dare to rashly shake the golden pillar's power.

Under the stimulation of Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Arts, this Buddha statue's current prowess was that of an authentic Divine level expert. It was unfathomable.

A Divine level expert still had the power to suppress everything. Even Divine level experts of the same level would not want to provoke them. Moreover, the prowess that this Buddha statue emitted clearly indicated that it was the most mysterious of Buddhist sects. If this behemoth from ancient times were to appear, then the entire structure of the world would change. Even the Black Heaven Earth Sect of the 72 Mystical Immortal Dao Sects would probably have to retreat. Before understanding the situation clearly, no expert would dare to come casually.

"It really consumes spiritual power."

Gu Chensha had not even activated it for an hour when he felt that his spiritual power was being rapidly consumed. Even if he tried to replenish it, it would not be enough. Originally, he had cultivated the Great Massacre God Art. Anything that was consumed could be replenished by drawing on the power of the infinite dimensions. His spiritual power was practically endless and would not be consumed at all. However, activating the Divine level Buddha statue this time was simply too difficult.

Right now, he was only at the 22 Transformations of the Dao Realm, the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth. Compared to a Divine level expert, there was a difference of eight major realms. This difference of eight major realms was even greater than the previous 22 realms. It was already an earth-shattering miracle that he could last for about an hour.

"Temple!"

At the last moment, he activated the Buddha statue. The ground outside of Sin Prefecture City rose up and he built a temple that was dozens of miles wide. The layout was exactly the same as that of Little Thunder Sound Temple.

If a Divine level expert wanted to build something, they could change the veins of mountains and rivers with a flick of their fingers. Much less a temple?

After the temple was built, it was a dazzling sight. It absorbed spiritual energy and the power of the various dimensions. There was also the power of the stars that descended. Layers of formations locked down such that even an expert with an undying body would find it hard to break in.

Around the temple were golden ponds. The ponds were filled with lotuses. The lotuses were seven-colored and there were many lotus seeds within.

This was the food of the Buddhist Sect, the Seven-Colored Treasure Lotus Seed. Eating one would allow one to not eat or drink for a month. One would be filled with energy, cleanse one's body, and strengthen one's bones.

Divine level experts had the ability to create things out of nothing. Gu Chensha used the God Power of the Buddha statue to create the temple and ponds. That way, he could form a stable base. Weng …

After creating the temple and ponds, Gu Chensha felt that he had consumed a huge amount of spiritual power, so he stopped sending it in. The light from the Buddha statue dimmed right away. Meanwhile, Gu Chensha was secretly recovering.

Qin Han's body was once again affected by the God Power of the Buddha statue. Large amounts of Buddhist power were injected into his body. This Buddhist power was really gentle and it wasn't overbearing at all. Compared to Celestial Path power, it was more suitable for nourishing the body.

During this hour, his cultivation actually broke through. From Seven Transformations to Eight Transformations and then from Eight Transformations to Nine Transformations. In the end, it stabilized and he cultivated the Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body.

A long while later, he woke up and looked at Gu Chensha, "Brother Gu Chensha, the Buddha statue was activated. Did you notice anything?" "I was also wrapped up in it and was taught many cultivation techniques."

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "Look outside the city. The Buddha statue has built a temple for us. In the future, our Human-Dragon League will have a foundation. Also, the Buddha statue has unleashed its might this time and purified all the demons in Sin Province. Now, all the demons will gather around the temple and chant scriptures to bless and activate the temple's power.

In the future, these demons will become protectors and they will be huge riches for our Human Dragon Guild. " "Very good."

Qin Han sensed all of this, "It seems like our Human Dragon Guild has temporarily passed the dangerous period. With the protection of the Buddha statue, even the concubine can't do anything to us. Brother Fang Lin, I will have to rely on you to help me maintain the Human Dragon Guild and make it shine." "Of course, it's my duty."

Gu Chensha said, "Next, we still have a lot of things to do. First, we need wealth to attract other members to join. Otherwise, if we rely on the support of the Calming Immortal Department, we won't have any production capacity. We can only sit and eat."

"Yes, yes, yes …" Qin Han nodded hurriedly. They were all scholars, so he naturally knew the importance of production. He said, "The most important things for an organization and a family are production, talent, and cohesiveness. With these three points, we can slowly develop and grow.

The most impressive thing about the Calming Immortal Department is that we can produce countless pills, magic treasures, armors, and flying swords.

It affects the world. When our Human Dragon Guild was first established, we didn't have talent if we wanted people, and we didn't have production if we wanted production. If we wanted cohesiveness, we could only kill the concubine and clean up the side of the emperor. Basically, we were scattered and difficult to manage. "

"This person is clear-headed. He immediately grasped the foundation." Gu Chensha understood very well. Production, talent, and cohesiveness. These were indeed the three most important points.

Even the Mystic Immortal Path could not deviate from this point. It was the same for the three Celestial Venerables.

Production represented wealth, talent represented combat power and development ability, and cohesiveness represented the degree of unity.

"Chairman, don't worry. Now that the Buddha statue has shown its might, it has purified all the demons in the Sin Province and turned them into guardian vajras. While these demons chant scriptures, they can also cultivate and breed. The Buddhist Sect has many ways to refine magic treasures. These demons can also do it, such as opening ponds and planting Seven-Colored Treasured Lotus."

Gu Chensha said, "Although the Seven-Colored Treasured Lotus Seed is not as good as the Human Dragon Pill, it can also be of great benefit to the people of the world. Moreover, it is easier to produce, so it can be sold at a much lower price than the Human Dragon Pill." "I am also considering this matter. I need to carry out a series of plans."

Qin Han said, "My Buddha statue has continuously released its power. The members of the Human Dragon Guild have also seen the wonders of it and will not change their minds for now. Moreover, the pressure from the concubine is still there. Everyone is still united. " At present, Gu Chensha assisted Qin Han in developing this small Human Dragon Guild. To him, this was the best cultivation.

In the construction of the Tranquil Immortal Department, his role was to go on expeditions and deal with powerful existences. He had left the management to his subordinates. Now that he was in the Sin Province, developing the Human-Dragon Guild was a huge test for him.

This kind of interaction in the secular world could allow him to comprehend the Past Reflection, the 23 Transformations of the Dao Realm.

Moreover, the Sin Province was the frontline against the demons. If it was planned well, he could successfully weaken the power of the demon disaster and earn enough capital from it.

Of course, Gu Chensha would not put all his energy into managing the Human Dragon Guild. He left behind a small incarnation, and his real body left.

There were many things that he needed to do. At least, the establishment of the Human Dragon Guild and the appearance of the Buddhist Sect god-level giants would be noticed by many demons in the Demon Region. The aristocratic families and the Immortal Dao Mystic Sects would definitely react.

All of this required him to analyze the changes and obtain sufficient benefits from the complicated situation.

The Calming Immortal Department was originally at the heart of the struggle, but the establishment of the Human Dragon Guild and the appearance of the Buddhist Sect giants attracted the attention of many factions. This reduced some of the pressure on the Calming Immortal Department and allowed them to quickly develop.

Many demons in the Demon Region knew of the appearance of the Buddhist Sect and would definitely adjust their plans to slow down the speed of the demon disaster. This way, they would win some breathing space.

The Buddhist Sect and the Demon Region were enemies back then. God Maha and the Supreme Buddha fought.

The supreme Buddha Ancestor had tried time and time again to purify all the devils in the Fiend Domain.