Chapter 59
==========

"Dream on!"

Chen Jianfeng sneered. "Even if you imprison me now, the Chen family has many experts and will come to rescue me. You've also made powerful enemies out of nowhere. You're actually making enemies everywhere. That Gufan Sha, Lou Baiyue, Gu Zhensha, and even the imperial court. Which one of them isn't your enemy?" "That's fine. Even if you don't tell me, I can find a way to subdue this sword."

Gu Chensha observed the Dharma Breaker immortal sword on the Sun Moon Altar and found that it was very obedient. It lay on the altar and moved occasionally as if it was very comfortable and satisfied.

He immediately searched through the books he had read to see if there were any records of Emperor Gu offering sacrifices to collect treasures.

According to logic, offering sacrifices to the heavens was omnipotent. Such a small matter could be easily done as long as one grasped the method of offering sacrifices.

But after thinking for a long time, he really couldn't find anything. It seemed like he had to read more when he returned.

"This sword was refined by Grand Preceptor Wen Hong and infused with his primordial spirit. With a thought, this sword can fly back." Chen Jianfeng was disdainful. "Unless your power surpasses the Grand Preceptor, it's impossible to take it."

"I remember that the Spell Breaker sword is in the hands of Old Seven." Gu Chensha wanted to find out more secrets.

"He's from the school of Legalism, and these six swords were refined with great effort by an ancient prodigy and the school of Legalism. That's why they're called Lawlessness, Dharma Ending, Dharma Breaking, Dharma Breaking, Dharma Breaking.

After obtaining this sword, he returned to the school of Legalism and used a secret method to suppress it for research. His power improved greatly, but the Grand Preceptor will find the school of Legalism to take it back sooner or later. The six swords are one. "Chen Jianfeng revealed the secret as his eyes rolled slightly. No one knew what he was thinking.

"Don't even think about running."

Gu Chensha crossed his fingers. "In that case, I'll hand you over to the imperial court. You're a rebel after all. My merit in capturing you is greater than killing the old devil." Hearing this, Chen Jianfeng finally revealed a fearful expression.

Gu Chensha changed the topic. "But I've received the emperor's decree to recruit the remnants of the Xian Dynasty. As long as the Xian Dynasty royalty can make up for their mistakes, they can join me.

How about this, you help me fight against the Barbarians. As long as you can kill three thousand Barbarian soldiers, I'll release you. How about it? "

"Hmph!" Chen Jianfeng snorted coldly. He sat on the ground, closed his eyes, and ignored him. He didn't run away, nor did he agree.

"Anyway, this town will soon be attacked by barbarians. If you don't kill the barbarians, they will kill you as a sacrifice." Gu Chensha didn't care about him. He stood up and walked outside.

"Should I run or not?"

Chen Jianfeng was caught between a rock and a hard place. "If I can't escape, I'll probably anger this person. At that time, he'll hand me over to the Imperial Court.

Most importantly, this person was actually able to collect the Magic Breaker Immortal Sword. He has more trump cards than I had imagined. Should I hide here and figure out his trump cards before making a decision? "

Outside the courtyard, Shi Tie was still diligently practicing his saber art. He was deeply stimulated, so he worked hard to improve.

The saber light wrapped around his body and danced up and down, sometimes advancing and sometimes retreating, sometimes to the left and sometimes to the right. It was as if he was drawing an ink painting of mountains and rivers. One could vaguely see layers upon layers of towering mountains pressing down on him from within the saber light.

Suddenly, he roared and the saber light pierced into the sky. It was as if a mountain had risen from the ground, connecting with heaven and earth and becoming a heavenly pillar.

"I still can't break through." After a long while, he sheathed his saber and stood quietly, sighing.

"The Realm of Dao is extremely difficult. I'm also stuck here and can't improve."

Gu Chensha had learned many things from Shi Tie. Shi Tie had been fighting for many years and was very experienced. He had cultivated for many years and persevered. He had many strengths that Gu Chensha didn't have.

"I stepped into the Martial Ancestor Realm ten years ago and fought so hard. I really can't break through this barrier."

Shi Tie bowed and sheathed his saber. There was a look of melancholy on his face. "The Marquis told me that I need to accumulate for this barrier. The longer I accumulate, the further I will go in the future. I can't be rash. But ten years is really hard. "

"I've only entered the Martial Ancestor for less than a year." Gu Chensha thought to himself, "If I can't break through in ten years, will I be discouraged? Maybe I can form a good relationship with this Shi Tie … " He took out a small bottle. "Catch." "This is?"

Shi Tie took it and opened the bottle. He found that there were a few drops of dew inside. It was very fragrant. Just smelling it made his meridians feel relaxed. His Qi and blood felt cool and warm. He was almost intoxicated by it. "This is Heavenly Dew!" "You know about Heavenly Dew?" Gu Chensha was a little surprised.

"The Emperor gave it to the Marquis. I've seen it and smelled it. I didn't expect the nineteenth master to have it too. How can I accept such a reward?" Shi Tie knelt down on one knee, not daring to accept it.

"The Marquis gave me 300 sets of Horned Dragon Armor. Its value is immeasurable. I don't have anything to return the favor. Moreover, your cultivation is at a critical juncture. If you can improve further, it will be of great benefit to killing the Barbarians. Also, you are familiar with battle training. My subordinates need you to train them and turn them into elites."

Gu Chensha frowned. "These days, I've been feeling uneasy. I keep feeling that the Barbarians are plotting something.

It seems like I have to investigate the temple. I captured Chen Jianfeng yesterday, but I didn't want to kill him. He didn't want to surrender either. Do you have any suggestions? " "Chen Jianfeng's position in the Xian Dynasty Royal Family is not bad. He is a core member."

Shi Tie kept the Heavenly Dew. His impression of him was much better. "If you hand him to me, I have many ways to force him to tell the truth." "Extorting a confession through torture might not be the best choice.

Gu Chensha shook his head and said, "To be honest, the Xian Dynasty's royal family and I are related by blood. After all, they are my mother's people. My father wanted me to recruit them and use their prestige among the people of the Xian Dynasty to resolve the blood feud that year."

"Then we can only release Chen Jianfeng and follow him. After he leaves, he will definitely contact the other Xian Dynasty Royal Family members. We will be able to obtain more information."

Shi Tie frowned. "But he is a Dao Realm expert. It will be difficult to follow him. Even if we follow him, we will be in danger if we meet other Xian Dynasty experts." "Good idea." Gu Chensha nodded. "Since that is the case, I will follow him personally." "Nineteenth Master, you mustn't."

Shi Tie stopped him. "You are a prince, and if anything happens to you, I won't be able to bear the responsibility."

"Nothing ventured, nothing gained." Gu Chensha patted his shoulder. "I am afraid that after I leave, the barbarians will attack."

"Nineteenth Master, you don't have to worry about this. We all have rich battle experience." Shi Tie saw that Gu Chensha had made up his mind and knew that it was useless to persuade him.

These days, he was also secretly astonished. Gu Chensha had actually given his subordinates blood strengthening pills to train his troops. Only the most elite troops under Marquis Dashi had such treatment. It was rumored that this prince was poor, but now he was so generous. Where did his wealth come from?

Gu Chensha turned around and returned to the hall. As expected, Chen Jianfeng didn't leave. He adjusted his breathing and spiritual energy gathered around his body.

It was a pity that his comprehension wasn't deep enough, and the spiritual energy was intermittent. If this continued, he might fall back to the Martial Path Grandmaster Realm. One's cultivation could fall back.

For example, eating Qi and fasting was to sense spiritual energy with one's heart and then absorb it into one's body through breathing, merging it into one's meridians and blood.

However, if one suffered a huge blow or doubted one's martial path, one's heart would be covered in dust. One would be unable to sense spiritual energy and fall back to Martial Path Grandmaster.

If one cultivated it on their own and went through all sorts of trials, it wouldn't be easy to fall back. However, if one used medicinal pills or sacrifices, the chances of falling back were high.

Chen Jianfeng had suffered a huge blow. He lost the Spell Breaker Celestial Sword and was captured. He was flustered, and the spiritual energy he absorbed during cultivation was weak. There was a risk of falling back.

"You can leave. I have decided to let you go." Gu Chensha pointed outside.

"Really?" Chen Jianfeng opened his eyes. "You don't want to play hard to get? You want to follow me and get my secrets? " "Then are you leaving or not?" Gu Chensha couldn't be bothered to explain.

Chen Jianfeng immediately leaped out of the courtyard. He jumped onto the top of the wall and disappeared.

Gu Chensha's body shook and he flew in another direction. He wasn't afraid of following Chen Jianfeng because he had already caught his scent. He used Sun and Moon Transformation and focused his mind on his nose. His sense of smell was even more sensitive than a hunting dog's.

Sun and Moon Transformation had many acupoints, meridians, and spiritual acupoints in the body. There were also cultivation methods for the nerves. For example, there were a few secret holes on the nose. If one focused his qi, blood, and mind to stimulate them, one could unleash the potential of a normal person's sense of smell.

In the forest far away, Chen Jianfeng panted heavily. He stared at the town he had just escaped from and a vicious expression appeared on his face. "Gu Chensha, you actually stole my Spell Breaker Celestial Sword. I am not done with you.

However, I still haven't figured out his trump card. This is a troublesome matter. He let me go so easily, so he definitely wants to follow me. Since that is the case, I will beat him at his own game and lure him into danger. "

After resting for a while, he flew in the forest again. At the same time, he paid attention to his surroundings. However, after running for four hours, he got further and further away. He realized that there were no signs of anyone following him.

"Could it be that he really isn't following me? No, I can't think that way. He definitely isn't that kind.

However, I have at least run for hundreds of miles. It is relatively safe. It is time to contact him. "He took out a jade talisman from his pocket and suddenly crushed it. After crushing the jade talisman, he sat on the ground to rest and wait.

Only when the sky brightened did a black dot suddenly appear high up in the sky. It flew down like an arrow. Only when it reached the top of the mountain did he realize that it was a giant roc. Its feathers were black gold and its body was huge. When it spread its wings, it could even grab an elephant, let alone a cow.

"Golden-Winged Great Roc." In the distance, Gu Chensha was hiding and frowned when he saw this bird.