Chapter 281
===========

"You mean to cheat him of his Dragon Nurturing Pill?"

Bao Ming 'er's eyes lit up, then dimmed. She said indifferently, "Gu Tanjian is not a fool. I'm afraid he won't fall for it. Furthermore, how precious is an Ancient Dragon Nurturing Pill? How could he give it away so easily? " "That will depend on our schemes and methods."

Gu Chensha laughed. "I also want to find out what almighty being is supporting this person. He actually scattered the Dragon Nurturing Pills and Dragon Creation Pills like they were candy. You should know that with my current cultivation, it is very difficult to condense a Dragon Nurturing Pill and create a genius."

Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and the others condensed many ancient treasures into the Dragon Gate. Then, they used the Heaven Mending Divine General and Buzhou Palace to condense the Dragon Gate. As their cultivation increased, the Dragon Gate became stronger and more profound. However, it was still very difficult to refine a Dragon Nurturing Pill from it.

This was originally a heaven-defying matter. It consumed too much Essence Qi and delayed cultivation.

It was impossible for Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue to waste their time and cultivation to condense the Dragon Nurturing Elixir. Time was very precious to them. If they worked together with their current cultivation, they could condense a Dragon Nurturing Elixir in a few months. However, their cultivation would stagnate during these few months. Instead, they would expend a large amount of Essence Qi and it would take a long time for them to recover.

"A Dragon Nurturing Pill can turn a fool into a genius. It is not child's play. I am also a genius," Bao Ming 'er sighed.

Bao Ming 'er sighed. "However, as your and Lou Baiyue's cultivation levels rise, it's only a matter of time before you condense a Dragon Cultivating Pill. If you can obtain some ancient items from the Prehistoric Dragon Gate, condensing a Dragon Cultivating Pill wouldn't be surprising."

Bao Ming 'er had lived in Gu Chensha's fief for two years. She did business with the Calming Immortal Bureau and knew a little about Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue's secrets.

She knew that if Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue worked together, their cultivation speed would be fast, their comprehension ability would be strong, and their battle strength would be terrifying. They were born to be saints.

If she could form a good relationship with these two, she would be able to attack or defend in the future. Her eyes were sharp and she had long seen through the potential of the Jing Xian Si. Not only that, both Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue were deeply trusted by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

"Gu Tanjian has a lot of good stuff on him. If we can use a scheme to test his strength and take advantage of him, that's not a bad idea." Gu Chensha said, "I can do my best to help you. How about we finalize a plan?" "Sure."

Bao Ming 'er thought about it carefully and realized that it wasn't impossible. "That's right, you've been working with Lou Baiyue, the Fourth Prince, and that Black Tortoise recently. You've set up many ultimate killing formations. Even I can feel their terrifying power. What are you guys up to?

The Jing Xian Si has so many things to do, and there's even Wu Dangkong causing trouble in the imperial court. You guys let them go and run your fiefdom here. This is really unusual. "

"We're setting up a formation here and using its power to suppress and decipher the Book of Heavenly Demons. That's one thing. The other thing is …" Gu Chensha paused.

"It seems there really is a big secret." Bao Ming 'er waved her hand. "This is the business of the Jing Xian Si. It's rude of me to ask about it."

"Big Sister Ming 'er has been one of us for the past few years." Gu Chensha's tone changed. "There's no harm in telling her, but this matter must not be leaked."

"It seems it really is something big." Bao Ming 'er's expression turned serious. "Don't worry. I won't tell anyone." Gu Chensha suddenly transmitted his will into Bao Ming 'er's mind.

Bao Ming 'er accepted the will. Her mouth gaped open in disbelief. "Lord of Seven Stars, you actually found someone like this. This is the natural talent of a Saint. If the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor finds out, he'll come to steal it. " "That's why this place will be affected."

Gu Chensha looked at Bao Ming 'er. This was a show of his sincerity. He was open and aboveboard, and he had great trust in her.

Bao Ming 'er calmed down and thought for a long time. Suddenly, she seemed to have made a decision. "Can I join the Jing Xian Si?"

"If Big Sister Ming 'er joins the Jing Xian Si, that would be our greatest wish. But I'm afraid the Myriad Treasures Mystic Gate and the Great Might Empire won't be able to accommodate you." Gu Chensha was delighted, but after a moment's thought, he began to worry about Bao Ming' er's situation.

"I'll join in secret. I'll provide you with information and resources.

But if anything happens in the future, how about you help me? "Bao Ming 'er's words gave Gu Chensha a premonition that she might be in trouble.

"Even if you don't join the Jing Xian Si, I'll protect you."

Of course, Gu Chensha had a way with words. "Then it's settled. Big Sister Ming 'er, if you join the Jing Xian Si, I'll give you whatever resources you need."

"All I need is for the Buzhou Palace to activate the Black Yellow Worm for me. But now it seems that you really do have something important to do. The Lord of Seven Stars is no small matter. For her to voluntarily seek refuge with us, could there be some sort of trap?

What if the Jing Xian Si helps him overcome his difficulties, but then he goes back on his word? "Bao Ming 'er was also worried.

"The Jing Xian Si's philosophy is to be tolerant, and to accept all rivers into the sea.

If the Lord of Seven Stars asks for help, we have to help him. If we refuse, we'll be overly suspicious, and we'll become enemies. It doesn't matter if he's plotting something or not. It's the rule of the imperial court to help him. If he goes back on his word, we'll suppress him. That's how the imperial court works. "Gu Chensha had long since come up with a plan.

"This is an overt plot. It's in line with the imperial court's style. The Jing Xian Si has nurtured people like this."

Bao Ming 'er nodded. "If the Grand Prestige Dynasty were to encounter something like this, they wouldn't be so open and aboveboard. They'd probably send people to imprison him and deprive him of his freedom."

"Actually, the imperial court's greatest overt plots are its laws and regulations. Once they're established, anyone can do whatever they want within their boundaries. No one is allowed to take even half a step outside of their boundaries." Gu Chensha mulled over his own way of doing things, but felt that there was nothing wrong with it.

"Gu Tanjian's way of doing things is sinister and secretive, and he's broken many laws. In truth, the imperial court is well aware of this. Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman should be well aware of what he's doing. Why hasn't he suppressed him?"

Bao Ming 'er said, "According to what I know, Gu Tanjian and his father Gu Hengsha both cultivate secret arts of the Devil Dao, and they're cruel to the living."

"Imperial Father wouldn't personally take care of such trivial matters. Naturally, he'll leave them to us."

Gu Chensha frowned. "But he's still a member of the imperial clan, so it'll be a bit troublesome to deal with. If we don't handle it properly, it'll have a huge impact. The common people will think that we brothers are fighting over the throne, and that we're killing each other." "You've thought this through thoroughly," Bao Ming 'er said.

"But as long as the Calming Immortal Department can help Zhuge Ya fuse with the seven stars in his body, and also gain Zhuge Ya's support, then the Calming Immortal Department's prestige will truly reach its peak. In truth, the reincarnated stars represent some sort of destiny. If even the Lord of Seven Stars joins the Calming Immortal Department, then it's the destiny of the heavens."

"The destiny of the heavens …" Gu Chensha smiled bitterly. He thought to himself, The Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman is the true destiny of the heavens. I don't know who has it, but based on Zhuge Ya's and our conjectures, the talisman has fallen into Wu Dangkong's hands. She's probably using the talisman to accumulate power, and when the time is right, she'll toss it out. When that happens, all the heroes of the world will have to submit to her.

"What are you thinking about?" Bao Ming 'er saw that Gu Chensha was lost in thought again.

"It's fine."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Let's discuss how to get the Dragon Revival Pill out of Gu Tanjian's hands." "Aren't you a godly thief?

You can steal it. "Bao Ming 'er smiled." You've stolen more than half of the Demonic Ape Temple's wealth. "

"Speaking of which, after Zhuge Ya's matter is settled, I'll launch an all-out attack on the Demonic Ape Temple and destroy it in one fell swoop. The Evil God's Priests and the Demonic Apes are also a problem. If I want to expand my fief, I'll have to deal with the Demonic Apes first." Gu Chensha was also thinking about the future of his fief.

"The resources near our fief have all been harvested. If we want more ores and herbs, we'll have to go deeper into the forest. But the Demonic Apes have taken over that area. Many merchants and adventurers have been attacked by the Demonic Apes, and their corpses have been destroyed. It looks like it's time to eradicate the Demonic Apes." Bao Ming 'er said.

The Demonic Apes had been transformed by the Evil God's Demonic Energy. They knew martial arts and were highly intelligent. They came and went like the wind in the forest. They were ferocious by nature. They would even form groups to rob humans, attack human encampments, eat human flesh, and bring them back to the Evil God to gain strength.

In the ancient records, the Demonic Apes had even organized armies to invade cities and capture humans to be sacrificed.

Gu Chensha had long thought of launching an all-out attack on the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos to expand his fief and exterminate the Demonic Apes. But he never had the chance. Perhaps, after this matter with Zhuge Ya, he could continue to expand his territory.

After discussing with Bao Ming 'er, the two of them decided on a plan. After Gu Chensha came out, he went straight to the medical center.

In his fief, other than Bao Ming 'er's refining treasures, the most profitable business was the medical center set up by the Voodoo Sect's Human King Voodoo and Blue Inchworm. They used voodoo to refine pills and cure people.

Of course, since the two of them joined him sincerely, Gu Chensha didn't treat them badly. He tried his best to support the two of them. At the same time, he taught them techniques to increase their strength. He also nurtured them to learn other medical knowledge.

After two years, the two of them had reached the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body. The two of them weren't geniuses, so it was impossible for them to cultivate the Glass Jade Body. But to nurture them, Gu Chensha would use Dragon Energy to cleanse them, causing them to be extremely close to being geniuses.

At this moment, the two of them weren't just using voodoo techniques. They also used many techniques from the Celestial Path.

Moreover, during these two years, many officials and nobles were saved. They had a really good reputation and no one said that they were from the Demon Path anymore.

Reputation was really important. In a few years, their reputation would spread out and the Celestial Path Mysterious Sect wouldn't dare to casually kill them. When Gu Chensha arrived at the medical center, the two of them were in a tough spot.