Chapter 204
===========

"This Black Tortoise's Nest is getting more and more wondrous. If I cultivate here and gather vital energy into my dantian's Qi Sea, I'll use the Dragon Gate to convert it into the Sun and Moon Dragon Handle." Gu Chensha savored it carefully.

He wanted to accumulate the Sun and Moon Dragon Handle. The first step was to absorb spirit energy from the void, but the downside was that the level of the dragon was too high. Even if he absorbed a large amount of spirit energy and used Sun and Moon Refinement to extract it, he could only extract a trace.

Gu Chensha originally relied on the Heavenly Dew to accumulate the Sun and Moon Dragon Handle. This was an energy many times stronger than spirit energy, so he never lacked nourishment for his cultivation.

For example, if he were to unleash an attack and deplete his Solar Lunar Dragon's Aura, it would take him at least ten days to half a month to replenish it just by absorbing spiritual energy.

If he used up all the Sun and Moon Dragon Handle, it would take him two to three years to replenish it. This was because Spirit Qi was simply too low-level for him.

It was like a Martial Dao Grandmaster eating rice. How much would he have to eat to replenish his nutrition?

But without the Heavenly Dew, if he could only absorb spirit energy, the effect would be much weaker. Fortunately, he could absorb immortal energy in the Black Tortoise's Nest. Immortal energy was a much higher level than spirit energy, and ordinary experts couldn't refine it. But Gu Chensha's strength had improved greatly, and after cultivating innate earth energy, he could refine immortal energy.

That wasn't all. He had obtained the Great God Slaughter Art and Great God Devouring Art from Lou Baiyue.

These two arts were supreme wisdom, understanding the secrets of the universe. At the same time, they used the supreme energy circulation formula to open up the vast dimensions and absorb higher energy from higher dimensions.

This completely overturned the Immortal Dao, and could be said to have a fundamental understanding of the universe, space-time, and all sorts of things. It was a supreme art that far surpassed the saints.

In the past, Gu Chensha's talent wasn't good enough, so he couldn't understand it. Now that he was a genius, he had some understanding of the Great God Slaughter Art and God Devouring Art.

Although he couldn't use all kinds of formulas and symbols to construct spiritual frequencies and sense many dimensions like Lou Baiyue, his understanding of energy was completely different. He could quickly refine the divine energy for his own use.

He took a deep breath, and the surging immortal energy flowed into his dantian. In the depths of his dantian, within the dragon gate, the Sun and Moon Dragon Repulse turned into a furnace, spinning non-stop. As soon as the immortal energy entered the furnace, it was digested and converted into the Sun and Moon Dragon Repulse.

As the Dragon Gate had refined the 'Sea Carrying Gourd', it could absorb a huge amount of Sun and Moon Dragon Aura. After cultivating with Lou Baiyue, with the help of her God Slaying Qi, Gu Chensha had already filled up the Dragon Gate.

However, he had to constantly use the Sun and Moon Dragon's Repulse to nourish the King Dragon Armor and the Demon Subduing Blade. Hence, he had to constantly replenish them.

"The power contained in this Sun Swallowing Ba-Serpent Pouch is too mysterious. I still can't comprehend it thoroughly.

It's a pity that I don't have a powerful soul as a sacrifice. Otherwise, if I refined it into the dragon gate, I would be able to increase my combat power and cultivation. "Gu Chensha took out the Sun Swallowing Ba-Serpent Pouch and looked at it carefully. He injected the Sun and Moon Dragon Repulse to test its reaction.

However, the injected Sun and Moon Dragon Repulse was like a stone sinking into the ocean. There was no reaction at all.

"Oh right, why don't I ask the Black Tortoise baby? This baby's strength is far above mine. The refining method comes from the memory of an ancient divine beast. It surpasses the Mystic Gate of Ten Thousand Treasures. Maybe it can teach me." Gu Chensha immediately called the Black Tortoise baby. Rumble!

On the altar in the study, the Black Tortoise baby crawled out and bounced around like a puppy. "What's the matter? Eh?

This is the skin of the Sun Swallowing Ba-Serpent. It still has the aura of the dragon gate. I want to eat it. I want to eat it. Hurry up and let me eat it. "

It came over and rubbed its head against Gu Chensha's body. It looked at the Sun Swallowing Ba-Serpent Pouch eagerly. Its saliva was about to drip down.

"You can't eat this. I want to melt it into the dragon gate to increase my strength." Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "I wanted to ask you, how do you refine these two?"

Gu Chensha hurriedly rejected. He knew that as long as it was a treasure, the Black Tortoise baby could eat and digest it.

In the Black Tortoise baby's body, there were many spatial fluctuations. It could shatter any natural treasure and turn it into something useful.

"I want to eat this dragon gate too."

The Black Tortoise baby looked at Gu Chensha and spat out the dragon gate. "Good stuff, good stuff. Who knows how many ancient items formed the core. It also contains the aura of the dragon gate."

Gu Chensha didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He patted the Black Tortoise baby's head. "My meat is more delicious. Do you want to eat it?" "Oh right."

The Black Tortoise baby sniffed and its saliva dripped onto the ground. "It smells so good. Such delicious meat." Pa!

Gu Chensha fiercely patted the Black Tortoise baby's head. "It's so delicious. I think sooner or later you will be stuffed to death."

The Black Tortoise baby lowered its head and whined. "If you don't want to eat it, then don't eat it. Why did you hit me?"

"Alright, stop fooling around. How do I refine the Sun Swallowing Bashe Sack into the dragon gate?" Gu Chensha hurriedly injected some Sun and Moon Dragon Handle into it to comfort it.

"Delicious."

After absorbing some Sun and Moon Dragon Handle, the Black Tortoise baby suddenly became spirited. It suddenly sucked in the Dragon Gate and the Sun Swallowing Bashe Sack.

"You, why did you still eat them?" Gu Chensha was shocked. He almost wanted to dig the two treasures out of the Black Tortoise baby's mouth.

"Father, don't be anxious."

The Black Tortoise baby laughed. "I am merging these two treasures for father. If it was someone else, they wouldn't be able to merge them. But in the memories of the Black Tortoise, there is the legacy of the dragon gate. Father wants to turn this treasure into a replica of the dragon gate. It will have a portion of its abilities."

In the Black Tortoise baby's stomach, it was like porridge was being cooked. The earth, water, fire, and wind were being rebuilt. Gu Chensha hurriedly injected the Sun and Moon Dragon Handle to strengthen it.

The Black Tortoise baby shook its head and its body became much bigger. It suddenly roared and a purple space opened up above its head. Immortal energy poured down like a waterfall and fused into its body.

After a day and night, it suddenly spat out the dragon gate. The Sun Swallowing Bashe Sack had already disappeared.

Gu Chensha saw that the dragon gate had undergone a fundamental change. Not only did it have an ancient desolate aura, there seemed to be a mysterious power swallowing and absorbing it. It could swallow everything. It seemed like the Sun Swallowing Bashe was hiding inside.

"The Sun Swallowing Bashe is very strong. It is almost the same as us Four Symbols Divine Beasts.

Its greatest ability is to swallow and digest. This is also the aura that came from the dragon gate. " The Black Tortoise baby seemed very satisfied. "I also obtained some of its abilities. Hahahaha …"

As it spoke, it burrowed underground again. It seemed to have obtained many benefits from the refining process. It was afraid that Gu Chensha would punish it, so it hid.

Gu Chensha smiled and swallowed the dragon gate into his stomach. He circulated his earth energy to refine it and observe its abilities.

As soon as he did so, he was shocked to find that the dragon gate's swallowing power seemed to have increased several times after merging with the Sun Swallowing Bashe Sack. Roar! He activated his ability to absorb spiritual energy.

Immediately, with him as the center, the void around him opened up. Countless spiritual energy was sucked out. The speed at which the spiritual energy was absorbed was as fast as a sharp arrow, shooting into his body.

All his pores were absorbing spiritual energy, and it was very powerful. All the power came from the dragon gate deep in his dantian's sea of qi.

When the dragon gate was activated, it was like a huge black hole, causing the innate earth energy in Gu Chensha's body to speed up and have more devouring power.

Endless spiritual energy was sucked out from the void in an instant. It brewed in the depths of the dragon gate, shattered, and turned into innate earth energy. After it was full, it was compressed again, turning into spirit liquid. Then, it was compressed again into spirit crystals.

"The Heavenly Dragon Spirit Gathering Flag can turn Spiritual Qi into Spirit Liquid. It's already a rare treasure. My Dragon Gate can actually absorb Spiritual Qi and turn it into Spirit Liquid before crystallizing." Gu Chensha was overjoyed. "What a powerful devouring ability and compression ability.

Under his careful observation, the newly refined dragon gate had many functions and was really strong.

Not to mention the storage space within. The Sun Swallowing Bashe Sack was the Hell Snake God Temple's sect protecting treasure and it had its own space. There were many mysteries within and after the Xuanwu Baby refined it, it had many more functions.

Now, the space within the dragon gate had expanded by several times and the amount of Sun and Moon Dragon Energy it could store had increased by several times.

Moreover, the quality of the dragon pellet was much higher. Although it couldn't form a Dragon Pellet and turn one into a top genius, one would still be a top genius.

Geniuses were also split into different grades. Some were weaker and some were really strong. For example, although those top geniuses weren't as strong as true geniuses, they were still really terrifying.

"After merging with the Sun Swallowing Bashe Sack, the overall strength of the dragon gate has increased by several times. With my current strength, I won't care about anyone below 18 Dao Realm Transformation. Even 18 Dao Realm Transformation won't be able to do anything to me."

Gu Chensha calculated, "I am now at peak Dao Realm Transformation Seven. If I rely on the strength of the dragon gate, I can light up the Samadhi True Flame. But after all, I am relying on treasures and it isn't good for my future cultivation. I need to rely on my own strength and will to use the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy to form the Samadhi True Flame. That is my true cultivation." The stronger the technique, the harder it was to improve it. Unless one had super talent to use it.

The Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique was something that only the Son of Heaven could use. Even Saints could barely use it and even top geniuses couldn't. Gu Chensha was a true genius and the reason why he was able to cultivate to this point was because he used Lou Baiyue's God Slaughtering Energy.

Of course, with his comprehension of the Great Slaughtering God Technique, the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy became more agile.

Now that he was using the dragon gate, it was easy for him to raise it to 8 Transformation Samadhi True Flame. But if he didn't use the dragon gate, it would be tough to raise it and he wouldn't be able to break through that bottleneck.

"Master, Long Yuyun and Jade Frost Dew are here and they are waiting for you outside." Yi Ming walked in, "Do you want to meet them?"

"Okay, I will head out now." Gu Chensha nodded his head. With a thought, he appeared in the meeting hall.