Chapter 582
===========

The Emperor's throne, the Crown Prince, and the Country Supervisor were all in order. Below them were the Heavenly Craftsman Institute and the Calming Celestial Division. Below them were the seats of the Heavenly Craftsman Institute and the Calming Celestial Division.

Below them, there were no seats. One had to stand. Even the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises were no exception. This was a rule set by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

When Gu Chensha stepped into the court hall from the square outside the great hall, Lou Baiyue and Old Fourth were already seated in their seats.

At this time, the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises had already arrived. It was unknown what Marquis Dashi was saying to Lou Baiyue.

Marquis Dashi was tall and wore a stone green robe. He gave off an ancient aura like he was someone who had walked out of history.

Seeing Gu Chensha enter, Marquis Dashi smiled and nodded. "Congratulations, King. Your cultivation has reached a high level. This Devil Calamity is unprecedentedly fierce, but as long as King is here, we will be able to turn calamities into blessings. My Yongchō will continue and the world won't be plunged into misery." "Marquis's words are too serious."

Gu Chensha returned the greeting. "I didn't expect Marquis to be a God Realm expert. With Marquis's help, the Devil Calamity won't be a problem."

At this time, Gu Chensha's eyesight was extraordinary. He could see that Marquis Dashi's body contained the power of a second world. It was obvious that he had reached the God Realm. In the past, Marquis Dashi gave people the impression that his cultivation was around the 20th Transformation of the Dao Realm. It seemed like he had been hiding it.

Gu Chensha had expected that Marquis Dashi was unfathomable. He was the sworn brother of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, so how could he be so simple?

Now that the Devil Calamity had erupted, Marquis Dashi didn't hide his strength anymore. This shocked the world.

Deity-level experts, no matter where they were, were absolute overlords. In the Immortal Dao's Seventy-two Arcane Gates, Deity-level experts were the absolute ancestors. In the Devil Race, Deity-level experts were the lofty Demon Lords.

"A few years ago, because of the Jing Clan's matter, the Iron Blood Marquis and Your Highness had a small conflict. It was only later that I understood Your Highness' painstaking efforts." At this time, the Iron Blood Marquis stepped forward and said, "Your Highness, please forgive me."

"Iron Blood Marquis, there is no need to be so polite. Now that we are facing a great enemy, the entire Imperial Court has to be united.

We will do our best to supply the Iron Blood Marquis's Blood Iron Warriors' resources, weapons and armors. In today's world, once the calamity strikes, demons will create chaos everywhere. Perhaps there will be some ambitious and ruthless people who will take advantage of the situation. We will have to rely on the Blood Iron Warriors to apprehend them. "Gu Chensha hurriedly waved his hands.

These few years, the Tranquil Immortal Department and the Blood Iron Guards had been cooperating happily among the commoners. The Blood Iron Guards were originally used to monitor the world, apprehend bandits and bandits, and even corrupt officials. They were also used to investigate rebellions.

There were many experts among the Blood Iron Guards, and they were feared by the commoners and officials alike. However, they still couldn't compare to the Tranquil Immortal Department.

Especially after the Tranquil Immortal Department created the Human and Dragon Set, the Blood Iron Guards had completely fallen behind.

Afterwards, with the help of the Stone Marquis, the Blood Iron Guards and the Tranquil Immortal Department had built up a good relationship. Not only did they receive a lot of support, even the Iron Blood Marquis himself had received the support of a large amount of pills, allowing his cultivation to rise steadily.

Just the Dragon Raising Sutra and Dragon Making Sutra of the Tranquil Immortal Department could benefit countless experts.

The Iron Blood Marquis wasn't an ordinary person. He was the reincarnation of the ancient Iron Blood War God. He was only fifty years old, but he had already cultivated to the 23 Transformations of the Dao Realm, "Past Reflection". Even many unparalleled geniuses in the Mystic Immortal Dao Sect couldn't compare to him.

Logically speaking, even if it was an unparalleled genius, as long as they didn't have a fortuitous encounter, it was normal for them to cultivate the 18 Transformations of the Great Dao Golden Core within a hundred years.

A few years ago, the Iron Blood Marquis's cultivation was only at the 22 Transformations of the Law Embodiment of Heaven and Earth. In recent years, he had finally made a breakthrough and comprehended some of the mysteries of time. But compared to the Stone Marquis, he was much weaker.

As Gu Chensha and the Stone Marquis conversed, the officials of the court entered one after another and stood in their positions.

The officials of the Upper Study Room all stood in front, and the most eye-catching one was actually Fang Lin.

He was the top scholar and had been promoted by the Heaven Talisman Emperor. He was already an unparalleled genius and was loyal to the court. He had never been roped in by Wu Dangkong.

Gu Chensha had also transformed into "Fang Lin" in the Human Dragon League. However, this "Fang Lin" wasn't the "Fang Lin" that he was. In the world, there were tens of thousands of people called "Fang Lin".

"Greetings, Your Highness." When Fang Lin saw Gu Chensha, his eyes flashed and he hurriedly bowed.

Gu Chensha smiled kindly. He could tell that Fang Lin was an amazing person. His cultivation was really deep and was probably no weaker than the Iron Blood Marquis. Moreover, he seemed to have received some pointers from the Heaven Talisman Emperor. During these years, he had also had many encounters. In this calamity, he would definitely be a powerful person.

After less than an hour, all the ministers in the imperial court and even many important governors had arrived. The Central Plains of China was originally very large. In the past, in order to gather all the governors, it would take a few months, half a year, or even a year on the road.

Now, the Calming Celestial Agency manufactured large amounts of flying boats and the Celestial Craft Institute also had their own flying machines. Flying tools started to spread among the various aristocratic families.

Naturally, the governors and the Inspector-General also had extremely fast flying boats. It was the newest product of the Calming Celestial Agency, the Human Dragon Boat.

There were numerous talismans carved on it and it shot through the clouds like lightning. In terms of speed alone, it was comparable to a Dao Realm 18 Transformation Golden Core Great Dao expert.

This kind of speed was enough for the governors to rush to the court for a meeting. It greatly increased the court's cohesiveness and efficiency.

This was just the first step in the Calming Celestial Agency's plan. Next, they wanted to turn all the county magistrates into Dao Realm 1 Transformation experts who could abstain from eating. All the prefectures would become Dao Realm 7 Transformation experts who could levitate off the ground or above. All the Inspector-Generals would become Dao Realm 9 Transformation experts with Glass Jade Bodies. Finally, all the governors would have to be cultivators who had cultivated the Heaven Eye 15 Transformation.

In this way, the ability of the world to operate and the government decrees of the imperial court would reach a peak.

The Eternity Dynasty was simply too large. Discounting the territory it had conquered from the Wildlands, the Central Divine Prefecture alone had ninety-nine prefectures. Each prefecture had ten or dozens of provincial capitals, and each provincial capital had dozens of prefectural cities, and each prefectural city had dozens of prefectural cities, and each prefectural city had dozens or hundreds of counties. This didn't even include the hundreds of islands and continents that had been recruited overseas.

In ancient times, it would have been very difficult to unify such a huge world. Even if it had been unified, it would have been impossible to manage it all. The court still had to rely on the various aristocratic families, local tyrants, temples, and sects to maintain a weak form of order.

Even when it was the Martial Emperor, many policies couldn't be carried out and had to be compromised.

Only the Heavenly Talisman Emperor could suppress everything. He first sealed the gods, destroyed many temples, and destroyed the biggest faction. Then, he opened canals, moved mountains, built the Great Wall, built railways, etc. It was like the meridians of the entire country had been opened up. It became lively right away.

Gu Chensha looked at the officials who entered in a single file, and he suddenly understood something.

"It seems like the most important thing in governing a country is to open up the roads and information. The roads are like the meridians of a person, and if they aren't clear, the court won't be able to send out information, and the government won't be able to send out orders. Even wealth won't be able to circulate, which will result in bloated people. It seems like our Calming Celestial Agency needs to focus on building flying boats, even ones that have no offensive or defensive abilities. As long as it can fly and be easily transported, then the country will truly prosper." Gu Chensha comprehended many theories about governing a country. He used the world as a metaphor for people.

There were actually many points of communication. In an instant, his understanding of the Son of Heaven's Aura deepened.

At the same time, he understood how the ancient Son of Heaven cultivated. Governing a country was like cultivating one's body. The ancient sages said cultivating the body, unifying the family, and conquering the world. There was some truth hidden in it.

"Crown Prince, Concubine Ming has arrived!" At this moment, a voice suddenly rang out from outside.

Many officials looked towards the entrance and saw Crown Prince Gu Xuansha and Concubine Ming Wu Dangkong entering the hall with their guards. Other than them, there was also a large group of princes and princesses following behind them.

For example, the Tenth Prince, the Third Prince, the Fourth Prince, the Fourteenth Prince, the Eighteenth Prince, and the others who had been at odds with Gu Chensha all those years ago. The Seventh Prince, Gufasha, was shockingly among them as well. Including the guards, there were more than a hundred people who surged into the main hall, creating quite a great commotion.

Fortunately, the Imperial Court Hall was large enough to accommodate hundreds of thousands of people, let alone hundreds of thousands. This was the largest Imperial Court Hall in history. Because of the Demon Disaster, everyone was in a state of panic, and a Imperial Court Hall was necessary to stabilize the situation and reassure the people and officials of the world.

Moreover, the Calming Deity Department wanted to reorganize the situation and purge Wu Dangkong, Gu Xuansha, and the others.

After so many years of operation, the Calming Deity Department had won over most of the officials in the world. Whether it was the people or the officials, basically everyone knew that the Calming Deity Department was the savior of the world.

This time, Lou Baiyue used the golden token of "as if I was here" to gather the officials. This was to clear the obstacles in one fell swoop.

But Wu Dang Kong and the Crown Prince Gu Xuansha's forces wouldn't be willing to accept this. In the royal court, the atmosphere would definitely be tense. Wu Dang Kong might even do something desperate. Gu Chensha had already expected this. He had suppressed the Martial Emperor, and as long as he refined the 'heart of divergence', the sphere would immediately ascend to a dimensional realm. At that time, he wouldn't be afraid of these people stirring up any waves.

Wu Dangkong and Crown Prince Gu Xuansha walked into the hall and sat down on the Crown Prince's seat and the Regent's seat. Some guards were standing below. Gu Chensha actually saw Fa Wuxian and Xuan An among the guards. Gu Tanjian and some of the princes and grandsons were standing on the seats of the royal family.