Chapter 848
===========

One second ★ small △ say § net.. org], wonderful pop-up window free reading! Chapter 845: Upgrade Again Xuan Xin was the first to initiate the tribulation.

This was truly seeking riches in the midst of danger. However, his hatred towards Gu Tianxian, Yong Chao, and the entire Gu family was so deep that it could not be washed away. And Jing Qiu was even more daring than him. He was born to take risks. The first time could be said to have won, and now the second time was another big gamble.

If he won the gamble this time, then he would truly be able to enjoy the great position of a supreme being in the future. He would be invincible, and he would receive the recognition of the Heavenly Dao.

Furthermore, if they succeeded, they would be able to capture the concubines of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and obtain the Heavenly Mother Formation. They would be able to extract the motherly energy from the formation and obtain great benefits. Under such circumstances, these people had no choice but to gamble.

The ones present were five great experts. The power of the four desolates condensed into a grand formation that fiercely pressed down. In an instant, it wrapped around the Heavenly Mother Formation and began to crush it. Rumble! The entire imperial harem seemed to shatter in an instant.

The Imperial Palace was a floating city that floated in the sky, surrounded by white clouds. It was an enormous magical treasure, filled with layers of warding magics. The Heavenly Designer Institute had expended a great deal of blood, sweat, and tears to create it, and it was a symbol of the majesty of Yongchō.

In the eyes of mortals, this palace was equivalent to a city in the sky. However, in the eyes of experts, aside from its grandeur, the restrictive spells were also very ordinary. It was far inferior to the Great Wall of Stone. When the floating city was constructed, the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had already disappeared.

Even more frightening was that this floating city was located in the Wildlands, and the heart of the Wildlands was controlled by Gu Changjian. Gu Changjian was the ruler of the Wildlands.

As such, when Gu Changjian unleashed the power of the Wildlands, all of the power of the Wildlands gathered on his body. He stood up and unleashed a domineering punch. In the unseen world, he seemed to have become the incarnation of the Wildlands King. With a single strike, everything under the heavens was reduced to dust.

As of then, Gu Changjian was the reincarnation of the Infinite Blade. He had also obtained the support from the Savage Power, and after training arduously with the other Lords of Arid Triad, he had also obtained the support of some mysterious power. His strength had already reached a state where he could defeat the antiques in Heaven Longevity Realm. Right then, with that punch, it would not be difficult for him to kill Heaven Longevity Realm. Rumble! Countless strange phenomena appeared between heaven and earth.

In that instant, the Heavenly Mother Formation was on the verge of collapsing. The Heavenly Mother phantom image that had just been condensed was immediately shattered.

The Heavenly Mother Array Formation was actually an empty shell. It lacked the Mother Nature of Heaven and Earth. Without it, the Heavenly Mother Array Formation would not be able to unleash one-thousandth of its power. Naturally, it would not be a match for these people.

"All of you, die obediently!

Ning Qingshuang, especially you. Right now, it'll be difficult for you to die even if you want to. I won't let you die so easily. "

When Xuan Xin saw that his resentment was about to be vented, he felt extremely comfortable. Waves of power surged out of his body, and his attacks on the Heavenly Mother Array Formation became thirty percent stronger. Cough!

At that moment, all the concubines in the Heavenly Mother Array coughed up a mouthful of blood, including the Dharma Empress.

Even if the peacock was a Celestial Paragon, under the suppression of the five great elites, he was as weak as an ant. He could not even withstand a single blow.

"Gu Changjian, Gu Tanjian, you really are treacherous. How dare you attack us? Do you really want to kill us?" Concubine Xuan and Concubine Heng roared in anger.

"Once we kill you, we can sever all ties with Gu Taxian."

Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian were not moved at all. "We are deeply influenced by the imperial family, and we might face some obstacles in the future. But if we kill you now, we can completely sever all ties with them." The two of them were incredibly cold and merciless. They wanted to destroy everything. Their Infinity Blade and Infinity Sword were unleashed to the extreme.

"Everyone, at a time like this, we can only fight." Peacock knew that they were in a dire situation, and they might be killed very soon.

At that moment, a huge wave of sacrificial power broke through the air and entered the Heavenly Mother Array Formation. The Heavenly Mother, which had already turned into smoke, suddenly reformed into a solid form. This form was very clear, and as the Heavenly Mother Array Formation operated, it actually started to refine this sacrificial power.

As it was being refined, the strongest divine power was born. This divine power was the mother nature of heaven and earth that could not be refined from the primordial chaos. It was also the mother of chaos. It was the true immortal substance that was refined from the hearts of the Chinese people.

Only natural treasures could be refined from the primordial chaos, but some things that surpassed heaven and earth could not be refined.

With the help of the sacrificial power, the Heavenly Mother Array gave birth to the mother nature of heaven and earth. Instantly, the array's defense was increased by a thousand times. A Heavenly Mother appeared in the array.

This Heavenly Mother had billions of heads, billions of arms, and billions of eyes. Each head, arm, and eye was calculating the invincible, infinite, boundless, and supreme divine power.

The sacrificial power kept surging into the concubines' bodies. Immediately, their injuries were all healed. Moreover, their cultivation base improved tremendously.

The mother nature of heaven and earth was something that even the Heavenly Dao could not create. The most exquisite substance that was refined from the human heart was now born.

Just like that, the Heavenly Mother's body appeared and withstood the attack. The power of the four barren could not enter the Heavenly Mother Array Formation for now.

"Department of Tranquility, Gu Chensha, you little b * stard, you really made your move. But I knew you would make your move!

This Heavenly Mother Array Formation requires extremely strong sacrificial power. Your Department of Tranquility has been accumulating power for so many years, but you only have a little bit of it. It is not enough for this array. Once the sacrificial power is used up, you will not be able to use a lot of your powers. When that time comes, it will be your death. I will skin you alive. "

Xuan Xin laughed crazily again. The power of the Eastern Wastelands on his body became even stronger. "Activate!"

The moment he activated it, a huge source surged in the depths of the Eastern Wastelands. All the immortal sects in the Eastern Wastelands, whether they were Deity Realm experts or ordinary martial artists, received the call of the Eastern Wastelands. That was to unite and attack the Yongchō, to attack the Divine Prefecture! At this time, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, and Gu Changjian also activated the power of the three barrens.

"This Jing Qiu, Xuan Xin, and the others are so daring!"

Gu Chensha, who was in Sin Prefecture City, had already seen everything that was happening in the palace in the depths of the Wildlands.

Actually, he knew that the concubines were forming the Heavenly Mother Array Formation, but he didn't care. This might be an opportunity left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

Gu Chensha had also secretly studied this Heavenly Mother Formation. Just now, when Xuan Xin and the others were attacking recklessly, he had injected the power of worship into the formation and fought against them, saving many of the concubines.

This was a necessary measure. If something happened to the palace, the people would think that the Calmness Division couldn't control the situation, and it would lead to the decline of the nation's fortune. He naturally wouldn't allow such a thing to happen. Whoosh! His body arrived at the base of the Calmness Division, in the depths of the Little Hongmeng Tree.

"Chensha, the tribulations have begun.

Xuan Xin is leading the way, using the power of the four barrens to destroy the palace. If we fight against these five, the other powers will take advantage of the situation and rise. We are not optimistic. "

Lou Baiyue said, "These five are going all out. They are the vanguard of the rebellion, but the most terrifying thing is that they probably have powerful existences behind them.

Other than that, the Lord of the Sun Moon Gu Tiansha is also secretly preparing something. The Primal Chaos Heavenly King, Grand Overarching Heavenly King, East Flower Heavenly King, Wisdom Heavenly King, and Jinmen Heavenly King will immediately rebel. Other than that, the most powerful one is the Emperor Of Heaven. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor is about to arrive in 36 years. If he appears, it will be hard for us to control the situation. "

"The Lord of the Sun Moon Gu Tiansha is the strongest enemy now. Before the Emperor Of Heaven appears, he is the strongest. He was the strongest. His strength had already cultivated to the Heavenly Venerate level.

Originally, it would have been tough for him to become a Celestial Venerable, but because he obtained some mysterious power, there is a mastermind supporting him. I suspect that the mastermind is the Emperor Of Heaven. The Lord of the Sun Moon Gu Tiansha also sensed it, which was why he didn't attack right away. "Gu Chensha had many plans. The only one he was afraid of was the Emperor Of Heaven. Everything else was just fleeting clouds.

Even if the current Gu Tiansha became a Celestial Venerable, he would at most be a temporary threat. Actually, Gu Tiansha didn't know that Gu Chensha had already controlled Jinmen Heavenly King and the 3,000 True Gods in the dark.

The huge sacrificial power was used by Gu Chensha, causing Gu Chensha's cultivation to exceed the Lord of the Sun Moon Gu Tiansha's calculations.

While Gu Chensha was speaking, a surge of power surged and his realm rose once more. He reached the Dao Realm 36 Transformations, the Embodiment Transformation Realm.

This was because he had suddenly refined all the sacrificial power into the Mother of Heaven and Earth.

After comprehending the method to refine the Mother of Heaven and Earth, Gu Chensha extracted the Mother of Heaven and Earth from the sacrificial power of the 3,000 True Gods and merged it into his body. With a slight change, he reached the Embodiment Transformation Realm. He was just a step away from Celestial Venerable Realm. Weng …

The Mother of Heaven and Earth merged into his body, causing all the skills in his body to be condensed together. This was the power of the Mother of Heaven and Earth. The Mother of Heaven and Earth was a magical substance that was on the same level as the Heavenly Dao.

The 3,000 True Gods were the thrones of the True Gods formed by many Emperors using the faith of the people of the Divine Land. Then, these True Gods gathered faith on the Divine Land for thousands of years and formed their own Divine Kingdoms. Firstly, the sacrificial power of these True Gods contained the faith of the people of the God Land.

This was why Jinmen Heavenly King needed the sacrificial power of these True Gods right away to raise his status. Not only that, but his cultivation would also increase. But now, it was all in the hands of Jingxian Si and Gu Chensha.

"The calamity has been brought forward, but I am not unprepared.

I am prepared for a long battle. Our peaceful days are over. "Gu Chensha was prepared to use his killing move.