Chapter 979
===========

"Gu Chensha, do you think that you are invincible just because you created the Dragonless Heart Sutra?

Let me tell you the truth, the Dragonless Heart Sutra is indeed mysterious, but you are just the creator. Later generations can continue to enrich the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and eventually surpass you. The Dragonless Heart Sutra you created is just a concept, and the later generations can surpass you. There are countless examples of this in history. "

Hong Ling Sha said, "I have comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra that is more profound than yours, and the Emperor Of Heaven is the same." "So, you think you can defeat me?"

Gu Chensha said, "Hong Ling Sha, in that case, why don't you make a move? If you devour me, the founder of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, it will be very beneficial to your cultivation."

"You came prepared, and with the Emperor Of Heaven watching like a tiger, I don't want to fight you." Hong Ling Sha said, "You came to find me today, could it be that you want to join hands with me?

It seems that you also know that the Emperor Of Heaven's strength has greatly increased, and you can't deal with him alone, so you came to find me? "

"I don't want to join hands with you, and the Emperor Of Heaven is not someone I can easily deal with, but I don't want to make a move now, because the Emperor Of Heaven is still of some use to me. That terrible thing is about to be born, and the Heavenly Dao and my father will be destroyed at the same time. At that time, besides the birth of that terrible thing, the Human Realm and the Heaven and Earth will once again undergo a new change, and the situation of the Heaven and Earth will be completely different, and the universe may even have a new Big Bang.

I came to find you today to ask you, in this time of the Heaven and Earth change, where do you go? "Gu Chensha said.

"The Heaven and Earth change?" Hong Ling Sha frowned, "When? Could it be that you can see when the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian will be destroyed at the same time? In a few years? Or a few decades? "

"In the past, I could tell that this Human Realm is formed by the fusion of the Heaven Realm, the Primal Chaos, the Spirit Realm and a series of other worlds. It is more than ten thousand times larger than the Heaven Realm of the past."

Gu Chensha said, "But this time, the collapse of the Heaven's Way and my father, aside from the terrifying thing that was produced from their collapse, there is also the power that leaked out, which is much stronger than the Primal Chaos. It would not be strange for the human world to expand several times, tens of times, or even hundreds of times. At that time, not to mention the experts of the Heaven Origin Stage, there would be a lot of experts of the Heaven Realm. Would you be able to control the situation?" "Is that true?"

The Grand Feather Sand said, "But what you're trying to say is that you're also in control of the situation in the future, so you want to join forces with me?" "No, it doesn't make much of a difference to me whether or not you join forces with me."

Gu Chensha stretched out his palm, and countless civilizations appeared in it. These civilizations leaped, advanced, and evolved on their own, surging forth like huge waves. Just this slight movement caused the Dragonless Heart Sutra within the Hongling Sand's body to squirm and tremble as though it wanted to jump out and fall into Gu Chensha's grasp.

"Not good!"

The Hongling Sand was shocked. She immediately sat down cross-legged and used all her strength to suppress the restlessness of the Dragonless Heart Sutra within her body. Gu Chensha's palm turned in the void. Rumble!

The Dragonless Heart Sutra in his palm bloomed with the countless civilizations, and they all started to advance. The moment the civilizations advanced, they would release an absolute power that triggered the Dragonless Heart Sutra within the Hongling Sand's body. Weng …

The Dragonless Heart Sutra within the Hongling Sand's body finally couldn't suppress it anymore, and it directly flew out, falling into Gu Chensha's palm. Pfft!

The Hongling Sand finally couldn't hold it in any longer, and she violently coughed out a mouthful of blood.

Her whole body slumped down softly, and she lost all her strength. In an instant, she became an ordinary person.

"You!

How are you so strong? Even the Emperor Of Heaven couldn't possibly take away all my cultivation. To think that you could take away all my strength so effortlessly. Just what kind of existence are you? "The Hongling Sand's eyes finally revealed an incomparably terrifying look.

She had originally thought that Gu Chensha's strength was within the range of her estimation. But now, it seemed that Gu Chensha's strength had far exceeded her estimation. She didn't even have the slightest ability to resist before her cultivation was taken away. In front of Gu Chensha, she was just like a baby.

"I'll return it to you."

Gu Chensha's palm shook, and instantly, the cultivation that he had absorbed from the Hongling Sand earlier was injected back into the Hongling Sand's body. In an instant, the Hongling Sand regained her strength.

"You …" The Hongling Sand was obedient this time. "You actually didn't absorb my strength. What is the meaning of this?" She was increasingly unable to understand Gu Chensha's thoughts.

"It's very simple. I want to tell you that I don't want to join forces with you because your strength is simply too weak for me.

Originally, I thought that you would be able to contend against the Emperor Of Heaven and cause a lot of trouble for the Emperor Of Heaven. But you were still chased out by him. "

Gu Chensha sighed. "The reason why I didn't make a move against you is because you still have room to improve. In the future, when the Heavenly Dao and Father Of Heaven collapse at the same time, you will also be able to obtain great benefits. At that time, your Dragonless Cultivation Technique will truly be completed. If I kill you now, the moment the Dragonless Cultivation Technique collapses in the future, your benefits will be transferred to another unknown expert. It will instead be troublesome."

Gu Chensha said. "Remember, when the day of the collapse comes, it will truly be a complicated situation. At that time, the situation will be tens of thousands of times more complicated than it is now."

"Gu Chensha, you let me off this time, but I still won't submit to you. Also, is there any hidden scheme in your Dragonless Cultivation Technique? Does anyone who cultivates the Dragonless Cultivation Technique have to be restrained by you?" Hong Ling Sha seemed to have lost some sort of confidence in himself at this moment.

"Your confidence has completely collapsed. This is not a good thing. For you to ask such a question, it means that you don't seem to have a very good understanding of the Dragonless Cultivation Technique. If the Dragonless Cultivation Technique can be controlled by me, then it means that this cultivation technique is not the truth."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Also, you established the Holy Zhi Palace and sent experts to look for that Child of Destiny. Are you trying to disrupt some of the actions of the Emperor Of Heaven? Absorb his fate?

But I'm afraid that it will be used by him instead, because his comprehension of the Dragonless Cultivation Technique is already higher than yours.

The Dragonless Cultivation Technique that I just absorbed from you has returned to you. As long as you carefully comprehend it, you will be able to obtain even more profound things from it. Only then will you not be taken advantage of by the Emperor Of Heaven. " "Are you helping me by doing this?" Hong Ling Sha became vigilant. "What are you trying to do?" "As I said, it's to deal with the complicated situation in the future."

Gu Chensha said. "There are many opportunities in the human world now. I've set up a chess piece, which is Zhang Ziran's son, Zhang Yiren. This person's body contains the terrifying will and Ancient Dao Immortal's Source that I've sealed. His potential is far above that of the so-called Child of Destiny. " "So you have this trick up your sleeves. No wonder I felt that Zhang Yiren is not simple. However, Zhang Ziran seems to be controlled by that brother of yours, Gu Huasha.

Gu Huasha made you the Eternal Ancestor and himself the Nihility Ancestor. It's obvious that he wants to be a level higher than you. What do you say? "Hong Ling Sha asked.

"Everything is under my control."

Gu Chensha said. "I'm setting up a plan. Everything in this plan is a chess piece. When everything is set up, I will deal with the terror that is born from that terrifying thing."

"In that case, I'm also a chess piece?" Hong Ling Sha was a bit unhappy, but there was nothing he could do.

"It's not that you can't say that. In short, you're on your own.

Of course, you can set up a plan for the Child of Destiny. You're at a disadvantage in the game between you and the Emperor Of Heaven, but as your cultivation improves, you might be able to turn things around. "After Gu Chensha said this, he disappeared.

Looking at Gu Chensha's back as he left, Hong Ling Sha sank into deep thought. "This person's strength is indeed boundlessly tyrannical. What is he trying to do? What is the relationship between Gu Huasha and the Emperor Of Heaven? Is he an enemy or a friend to Gu Chensha? I really don't understand how things will develop.

However, the Great Hong Dynasty that Gu Huasha controlled Zhang Ziran to establish and the Qi Country where the Child of Destiny was born will definitely have a competition. This is my best chance … " Great Hong Dynasty. Within the imperial city. In a certain palace.

Zhang Yi Ren, who was only five years old, already looked like a fifteen or sixteen-year-old boy. He wore the Rolling Dragon Robe, and his face was gloomy. There seemed to be a ball of black air flowing deep between his eyebrows. The aura on his body was extremely strong, as if he had activated some kind of huge power.

"Heaven and earth change, the sun and moon lose their light. My Dao is activated, the hearts and minds are one, suppressing evil and cleansing the source."

Zhang Yi Ren seemed to be cultivating. Crackle … As he operated his power, the black air between his eyebrows was gradually suppressed. Then, he stood up, and his power seemed to have become more profound.

"Congratulations, Nineteenth Highness, your strength has increased greatly …" At this time, a few maids heard the commotion and rushed in. One of them quickly said, "Among the many highnesses of the Emperor, I think Nineteenth Highness is the strongest. In the future, you will inherit the throne, and it will be just a matter of time." "Don't say that."

Zhang Yi Ren waved his hand and said in an old-fashioned manner, "Father is a great strategist, and there is still a long way to go. How can I talk about inheriting the throne? Besides, although our imperial court is at its peak now, we have many enemies. The Heavenly Court is our greatest enemy, and we must not slack off. "

"Clap, clap, clap, clap …" There was applause, and then a few teenagers came in through the door. One of them was about twenty years old. "Nineteenth Brother, I didn't expect you to have such a big view at such a young age. We are all inferior to you."

"So it's big brother, second brother, third brother, fourth brother …" Zhang Yi Ren looked at the people who came in and immediately bowed. His eyes flashed with a sharp light. There was a lot of intrigue within the Hong Dynasty. It was inevitable for many princes to fight among themselves.

"Nineteenth Brother, let's go. Soon, Father Emperor will hold the ceremony to change the dynasty. "

A few princes looked at Zhang Yi Ren with jealousy, because this Nineteenth Prince's cultivation was advancing by leaps and bounds every day.