Chapter 1126
============

Collective Advancement

"Cut the crap. Let's hurry up and take care of these ants in one fell swoop."

At this moment, Jiang Li said, "Don't let your guard down. The longer we delay, the more problems there will be.

Don't underestimate these people. They will become stronger and stronger. Besides, if Gu Chensha saves these people, then all our efforts will be for naught. We might even be suppressed. " "No," Wang Zao said calmly.

Wang Zao said calmly, "Gu Chensha's goal is to nurture someone as powerful as him and pose a threat to him. Therefore, he won't attack us for the time being. He even wants the six of us to unite and form the strongest existence. Then, when we gather, we can be his opponent. However, we won't let him get what he wants." "You can devour each other and become stronger."

Lou Baiyue said, "That's the only way you can gather all your power together. If you don't merge, you won't be able to defeat Gu Chensha. I think you all know this, so you all have your own ideas. But it won't help. You all have to act on your own and take the final step. If your power is scattered now and you don't act, it's very likely that in the future, there will be many powerful creatures that reach the same realm as you and then kill you. At that time, your advantage will be completely gone.

When that time comes, your advantage will be completely gone and you will fade into the crowd. After so many years of history, I can see that the initially powerful and arrogant people will gradually disappear and eventually be replaced by incomparably powerful existences.

It's the same for you. The only way to maintain progress is to break through everything and make yourself stronger. " "Hehe."

Yang Qi smiled sinisterly. "You're indeed not a simple woman. No wonder you're Gu Chensha's woman. You want to sow discord between us in this kind of situation where you're about to die, and then use this to turn the tables? However, this is wishful thinking. Our methods are definitely not something you can imagine. " "Don't talk nonsense with her. Do it now. "

Hong Yi said, "Now that the six of us have joined forces, we can try out the method we just thought of to deal with Gu Chensha." "This is possible. Come out, there is no Immortal Door." Zhou Qin made a summon. Then, all six of them performed different hand seals.

Rainbows appeared in front of Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li at the same time. The rainbows then gathered together to form an array formation. In the array formation, a huge ancient door appeared. The door was a color that had never appeared in this world, or rather, it was not a color. The door seemed to be brewing some kind of incorporeal aura.

Anyone could sense that the power within the door wasn't Ageless or Indestructible. It was a realm that had never appeared in the world before. This realm was the realm of 'without existence, without eternity'.

While Gu Chensha was studying this realm, Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li were also studying this realm. The realm they were studying actually had some brand new things that Gu Chensha had not come into contact with.

Of course, none of them had truly reached Gu Chensha's level, but the results of their research could be beneficial to Gu Chensha.

"There is no Immortal Door?"

When Lou Baiyue saw the door, she immediately nodded. "That's right, that's right. But like I said, the six of you are actually sworn enemies. It's impossible for you to work together, because you are the future protagonists. If Gu Chensha doesn't come out, it will be you. Logically speaking, in the future, Zhou Qin will first unify the world, then Wang Chao, then Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li.

In other words, the karma between the six of you is mutually created and destroyed, and you can't meet each other at all.

Now that you've forcefully bumped into each other, only one of you can survive. Otherwise, it would be impossible for you to cultivate to such a high realm. Therefore, the Immortal Door that you have now is actually a huge flaw. The power of each of you alone is very likely to be more destructive than when you work together. " "Arrogant."

Yang Qi narrowed his eyes. No one knew what he was thinking, and no one could guess what he was thinking deep in his heart. He suddenly let out a long roar. "Let's not talk about anything else. This bitch is really annoying. Let's suppress her." "Kill!" Fang Han activated some kind of secret art.

Immediately, the Immortal Door activated by the six great experts suppressed Lou Baiyue and the others, slowly descending. No matter where Lou Baiyue and the others fled to, they couldn't escape the suppression of the Immortal Door.

This was because this door already ignored all time, space, and the universe's greyspace. Even if one was an Indestructible World, a Non-Old World, a New World, or an Old World, they couldn't resist it. The six great experts activated it at the same time. Pfft!

Wen Hong, Zhuge Ya, and the others coughed up another mouthful of blood. Their bodies began to weaken. As expected, the six great experts joining forces was not something they could contend against. Even if there were close to a hundred Indestructible World experts, it still wouldn't be enough.

Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li. These six people all had a cultivation base of a hundred billion years, and among this group of Indestructible World experts, only Lou Baiyue had a lifespan of a hundred billion years. She could just barely contend against one of them. The others were far from that level. The door pressed down, crushing everything.

"You people have been in contact with Gu Chensha for a long time. Gu Chensha has taught you a lot about the Dao of Non-Incorporeal Immortality, which has a deeper penetration into your thoughts and souls. This Non-Incorporeal Immortality Door can accommodate you, but it can also allow us to plunder Gu Chensha's Dao, making the door even more perfect. When the door truly ejects the Non-Incorporeal Immortality Substance, that will be the time for us to ascend."

Zhou Qin was expressionless, but his tone was oppressive. Even a single word from him could completely destroy an Indestructible World expert.

"As expected, we are no match for these six people joining hands. But because of this, we can reach the highest level, borrowing their pressure to fight back and survive."

Wen Hong suddenly seemed to have some kind of enlightenment in his eyes. Under the enormous pressure, he began to ascend.

"Die!"

Seeing Wen Hong ascend under such pressure, killing intent appeared on the faces of Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li. "This person's fate is extremely strong, and he is even qualified to compete with us for the position of the main character. He is a completely new existence, and he can create many miracles. However, we will definitely not allow him to ascend, or else he might really become a threat to us. If he ascends again, his lifespan will also exceed a hundred billion, like Lou Baiyue, and we might not be able to kill these people." Weng …

These people gathered together and unleashed their strongest attack. Instantly, a beam of light shot out from the Immortal Door.

This light was like countless living beings in the shape of dragons gathered together, and then it launched a fatal attack on Wen Hong. Puchi … This light broke through all the defenses, and directly pierced through Wen Hong's body.

"Ah!"

Great pain appeared on Wen Hong's face. His body began to collapse, and even his spirit force was gone. This was the sign of death.

"Wen Hong is dead."

Zhuge Ya was taken aback. He had not expected that the six of them would actually use the most lethal attack on Wen Hong. It should be known that such an attack was able to kill Wen Hong in the middle of a grand matrix where everyone was gathered. Just how much power would be needed to do that?

With everyone gathered together, with this kind of defensive power, even if it was a new world, an old world, a non-new world, or even the explosion of the universe without a lifespan, they might not be able to kill Wen Hong. But now, the six of them had joined forces to kill Wen Hong.

"I won't die, and you can't kill me."

Wen Hong's face was filled with pain, but there was a kind of determination. "I can't be killed by you. Death is just another form. I can transform between these forms. I am neither dead nor undead, neither alive nor dead. I have finally comprehended this realm. Transform, ascend …"

Amidst this voice, a mysterious will was released from Wen Hong's body. This will kept vibrating and exploding, suddenly releasing the strongest note.

Then, Wen Hong's life form changed. He was neither alive nor non-alive. He was neither energy nor matter. He was neither alive nor not alive. He was neither dead nor not dead. No one could guess what kind of state he was in.

However, his aura was already the same as Lou Baiyue's. His lifespan, on the virtual interface, had reached at least 100 billion years.

Now that he had broken through to this level, the power of the formation around which everyone was gathered instantly increased by a lot. Its defensive capabilities were pushed to the limit. The Imperishable One raised his hands like an overlord carrying a cauldron, lifting up the Imperishable Gate.

"What's going on?"

Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li were astonished when they saw this scene. "Why haven't we killed this person? Could it be that there's something wrong with our strength?

That's impossible. Even Gu Chensha would have to temporarily avoid our most powerful attack. I don't believe that Wen Hong can withstand it. He even borrowed our power to increase his cultivation base. Although he's not our match yet, it'll still be a huge waste of energy for us to kill these people. " "Everyone, do you know why you can't kill me?"

At this moment, Wen Hong said, "That's because the six of you are in conflict with each other, causing you to seem extremely ferocious. But in reality, it's an opportunity for me to take advantage of your weaknesses to improve myself. So, the six of you want to kill each other. Only then can one's strength reach its peak. " Remember the mobile URL: M.