Chapter 708
===========

"The Lord of the Sun Moon has finally shown himself." Gu Chensha said, "That bright light just now was the power of the sun and moon, the Sun and Moon Great Thousand. The power of the two worlds worked together and suddenly gathered together.

They had suddenly gathered together, and in a single move, they had seized the opportunity to rescue this group of people.

But according to my calculations, the Lord of the Sun Moon's cultivation isn't that high, and his cultivation is far from that of a Celestial Master. He can only use very little of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand's power. If he is a Celestial Master, then we probably won't be his match. This is the power of the Lord of the Sun Moon. He is much stronger than the Lord of Seven Stars. " "That's right, this is the aura of the Lord of the Sun Moon."

Zhuge Ya also appeared here. His cultivation had reached the Dao Realm 32 Transformation, One Thought to Connect to Heaven.

He was just one step away from the Dao Realm 33 Transformation, the Truth Saint Heart, which was the legendary Saint.

Once Zhuge Ya became a Sage, his cultivation, battle power, and calculation ability would once again rise to an extremely tyrannical level.

Furthermore, as the Lord of Seven Stars, he was the king of all stars. Before the Lord of the Sun and Moon had appeared, the Lord of Seven Stars was the absolute king. So, he was very sensitive to the Lord of the Sun and Moon's aura. It was as if the Lord of the Sun and Moon had appeared, and could even suppress him.

"The Lord of the Sun Moon has appeared. He used the power of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand to take these people away. If he subdues all of them, then his faction will be close to a large sect like Black Cosmos Sect, or even surpass it. Right now, apart from Chang Weiyang, Black Cosmos Sect doesn't have a second Saint. They do have a few God Rank experts, more than 20 of them, which surpasses the Legalists." Gu Chensha was really calm. He didn't seem sad at all. Instead, he was a little happy.

That was because he finally knew that the Lord of the Sun Moon's true strength was still within his control.

If he became a God Rank expert, he could grasp this karma and lock onto the Lord of the Sun Moon's location. He would have nowhere to hide. Even an old-timer like Wan Senshi couldn't divine the whereabouts of the Sun-Moon Lord.

However, Gu Chensha was able to do so because he had cultivated the Heavenly Dao Arts. In a sense, the Heavenly Dao Arts were even more profound than the Sun-Moon Lord's. It was just that Gu Chensha's cultivation level had yet to reach the Divine level, and the Heavenly Dao Arts would always have obstacles. If the Heavenly Dao was perfected, he would be able to find the whereabouts of the Sun-Moon Lord.

If the Lord of the Sun Moon had remained hidden and not made a move, Gu Chensha would not have been able to do anything to him. But now that the Lord of the Sun Moon had made a move, the two of them had established a karmic connection. Grasping this karma, Gu Chensha could do many things.

In the Buddhist Sect, there was a technique called Karma and Fate. It was a secret technique that allowed one to lock on to one's enemy, entangle them, and finally purify them.

This secret technique had been comprehended by Gu Chensha himself. He had fused it with the Son of Heaven Investiture Art and the Great God Slaughtering Art, making it even more profound. He would definitely be able to determine the victor between him and the Lord of the Sun Moon.

"The Lord of the Sun Moon is no small matter. In a sense, although he hasn't achieved great things and is truly invincible, his potential is much more terrifying than Wan Senshi and Immortal Master.

Now that he has descended into this world, he will definitely come out to stir up trouble. We have another great enemy.

This time, he saved these people. It is clear that he wants to establish his own force, and then enter the Divine Prefecture to seize the country's Providence. We have to guard against him. "Longevity God said.

Longevity God originally wanted to take in Daoist Calming Chaos, but now that his plan had failed, he was somewhat disappointed. He knew that if Daoist Calming Chaos sincerely joined Calming Immortal Si, he could increase Calming Immortal Si's strength by a lot. He might even gain a small thousand world. He knew very well how powerful Daoist Calming Chaos was.

"It's fun when there are enemies."

Gu Chensha narrowed his eyes. "Always fighting with Dharma Saint, Wan Senshi, Immortal Master, the three Celestial Venerables, and some other old fogies is too tiring. It's better to change to a new person, especially the Lord of the Sun Moon. He is clearly opposing our Calming Immortal Department. He actually stole our prisoners, which is a violation of the imperial court's laws. I won't let him off easily. In fact, even if I don't find him, he will find me, because I have cultivated the Heavenly Daos. For him, I am a tonic that he must devour.

If he devoured me, he would be able to sever everything, escape the control of the Dao of Heaven, and escape the fate of being the Lord of the Sun and Moon. He would also be able to reap great rewards. He had been born because he had completed some sort of mission, and was born because of the great tribulation.

To enjoy great Providence comes with great Karma. Only by devouring me can he enjoy great Providence without any responsibility. Therefore, I am the biggest bait. " "Chensha, how do you plan to deal with the Lord of the Sun Moon?"

Lou Baiyue asked, "You have to be careful. The Lord of the Sun Moon can use the power of the sun and moon worlds. Even if it's a small portion, it is still the power of the world.

Just now, King's power contained a bit of Da Qian Power but it was only a billionth of Da Qian World's strength. Even I found it really unbearable. If he wasn't the son of Da Qian, I would have captured him. Even if he was at Dao Realm 35 Transformation Desolate Dust Realm. "

"The Great Massacre God Art is really mysterious. It is understandable that it can continuously produce Xiantian astral energy and magic power, but now it can also produce so many worlds. I really didn't expect that."

Zhuge Ya was really intelligent and cultivated the Great Massacre God Art. However, he didn't comprehend the true essence of it, so he was unable to self-destruct his own world and then give birth to new worlds.

In the Calming Celestial Department, the few giants all cultivated the Great Massacre God Art and comprehended it. They understood some of the theories but they were unable to do what Lou Baiyue did.

Who knew what kind of body Lou Baiyue had? It was filled with a mysterious feeling. With a slight movement, her spirit would struggle in all sorts of dimensions, breaking through the ancient times and exploding with thousands of transformations. She would toss out her own world and with a thought, a brand new world would be formed.

In the end, these worlds would be as dense as stars. As long as they wrapped around someone, even King Descending would die.

Even King Descending wouldn't be able to be wrapped up by thousands of worlds and self-destruct at the same time. Unless he became a Celestial Venerable. Lou Baiyue's current battle was really terrifying. With this war god in the Calming Celestial Department, the world's luck increased by a lot.

As long as the people of the Calming Celestial Department stepped into the Deity level, they would all have their own unique skills.

"This is Father's method of suppressing the world."

Gu Chensha said, "Let's not talk about him. Each of us has our own reasons. The Lord of the Sun Moon is also proficient in transformations. You guys can't detect him at all. Only I can use the Heavenly Dao Art to spy on his traces.

Be careful, he might sneak into our ranks and stir up trouble, just like I did in the past, stirring up chaos in any power. "

"If you didn't have the Heavenly Dao Art to detect the Lord of the Sun Moon, I'm afraid our Calming Celestial Department wouldn't have been able to escape the storm. I finally understand why you've been able to take advantage of the Dharma Saint and Wan Senshi time and time again. That's because those old fogies have a headache over you and can't detect you. Wan Senshi wants to use Yuhuan Lu to force you to reveal your traces, but it's a pity that it's all in vain."

Lou Baiyue said, "Now that the world is stable, I think we can launch a counterattack against the demons. The Human-Dragon League's power is growing stronger and stronger. With Yi Guang, Yi Dark, and Yi Hun overseeing things, and our support, their foundation has been stabilized. The demons won't be able to invade. Add to that the support of the Commander-In-Chief and the King of Common Life, and the imperial court is completely united. Even the Heavenly Designer Institute can't touch them.

At this time, I think we should launch an attack on the demons first. We should strike first, break the demons' offensive, and delay the Devil Disaster. This is very necessary. The longer we wait, the more benefits we will gain. " "That's right."

Zhuge Ya also agreed. "Since ancient times, when the Devil Disaster broke out and the demons attacked, the humans were always on the defensive. They had never taken the initiative to attack the Devil Domain. Now that we are leading the people of the world to launch a counterattack, we can take the initiative.

Moreover, many demons have gathered in the Devil Domain, and the minor chiliocosms are connected together. In the past, they were an undefeatable force. But now that we have cultivated a medium-grade world and subdued Gou Chen to become the King of Common Life, we can defeat those demons. For example, the Dwarf Demon Race, the Blood Demon Race, the Goat Demon Race, and the Ox Demon Race. We can capture all of them, sacrifice them, and feed them to the World Tree. Then, the World Tree will give birth to endless treasures, pills, and fruits.

Every time we attack the demons, we can plunder them and enrich our Calming Immortal Department's resources. This way, the imperial court's wealth can increase by a thousand times.

We can even produce more Commander-In-Chief. The demons also have many resources and primordial treasures. "

"That's right," Gu Chensha said. "Even if we don't create a Commander-In-Chief, creating a Commander-In-Chief would be a good thing.

Gu Chensha said. "I absorbed all of the knowledge of the buddhist civilization, as well as the knowledge of the Epoch Cruiser and the memories of the various potentates. Thanks to that, I was able to create a complete system of magistrates. I can absorb the souls, flesh, and blood of the devils, as well as all sorts of treasures from primeval times. Then the world tree will give birth to the Common People Minor Official, Apostle, Common People God-General, Common People Marshal, and Common People Monarch.

These puppets will understand government affairs, and will never tire. They will be impartial, impartial, and will forever resolve the problems of the common people.

Once this bureaucratic system is successfully built, the imperial court will step into a new era. Think about it, if all the officials, from the lowly officials to the kings, are made up of these puppets, how many times more efficient will it be?! "

Important Notice: This is a free app with no ads, no errors, and fast updates. Members can synchronize their bookshelves. Text size and brightness can be adjusted to provide a better reading experience. Please follow us on WeChat. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader!