Chapter 477
===========

Even the School of Legalism coveted the Life's Wish Sphere, especially the four Sacred Beasts within it. Each of them had their own unique uses, and any one of them would bring great benefits to the world they created, let alone all four of them.

'These 13 Divine level experts are the entirety of the school of Legalism. They are really powerful.' Gu Chensha slowly observed and understood more of the school of Legalism's profoundness.

There were so many Deity level experts living in these magical realms. They did not create their own worlds, but instead infused their world energy into the magical realms, perfecting their power. The power gathered like this could last for thousands of years, or even tens of thousands of years. It was an extremely terrifying thing.

Usually, any Deity level expert would have to build their own Eden Minor World once they succeeded in their cultivation. They would have to spend a long time pondering, perfecting, protecting themselves, and using it as a stable base. It was similar to how ordinary cultivators would set up a formation in one place.

Ordinary cultivators would be able to defend against cultivators who were much stronger than them after a long period of accumulation.

Back then, Gu Chensha had built a palace on a mountain near Wuzhou City, where he had absorbed the power of the stars. It had only taken him a few dozen days to unleash Constellation Divine Lightning and Sun-Moon Annihilation, which had forced Jing Fanxing to retreat. If a cultivator were to lay down an array formation for decades, its power would be unimaginable.

It was the same for gods. The longer they created their own world, the richer the accumulation, and the greater the power.

Now that Legalism's Divine level experts had given up on creating their own Divine Countries and perfected all the Law Realms together, it would be even more terrifying. If they gathered all their powers to refine a world, how powerful would the power released by that world be in the future?

The Calming Immortal Department's Sphere of Common People's Wishes had a flaw, and that was that it had only been used for a short period of time, and the accumulation was too shallow. It was far inferior to the accumulation of many aristocratic families.

Of course, if the Celestial Calmness Department gathered a few more connate spiritual treasures, such as subduing the Peerless Heavenly Tome and obtaining the World-Burying Coffin left behind by the ancient Lord of Seven Star, Jiang Gongwang, then it would be comparable to the accumulated wealth of those noble clans.

This was especially true for the World Burying Coffin, which contained countless treasures that Jiang Gongwang had collected. If he could obtain all of them, he would become rich overnight. Or Gu Chensha could destroy an aristocratic family and seize the fruits of their labor.

Judging from the ripples of the wills of the 13 Divine level experts from the school of Legalism, while the Dharma Saint was not dead, he did not seem to be at his peak either.

Right now, these 13 Divine level experts from the school of Legalism were upgrading all the magical realms, making them even more mystical. They were used to guide the Dharma Saint back.

"Our cooperation with the pygmy demons is going pretty well. The pygmy death emperor has given us thirty-six ancient ruins, which can be used to nourish all of our Dharma Realms. In order to save God Maha, the pygmy demons are going all out. "

"That's only natural. God Maha is extremely powerful and can suppress countless demon realms. This time, he was actually sealed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. This is something that has never happened before. If the seal continues, I'm afraid that the countless demon realms will give birth to new kings to replace God Maha and gather faith."

"The demon realms are really too chaotic. But this time, Lord Dharma Saint's Spirit Demon Project will make some humans suffer, but we can also cleanse countless demons. We'll wipe out many demon realms and absorb their souls, flesh, and blood into our Dharma Realms. At that time, our Dharma Realms will truly be indestructible. At the same time, we might be able to break through the restraints of the Heavenly Dao and obtain true immortality."

"Our lifespans are too short. Even if we cultivate to the Deity realm and do everything we can, we won't be able to live for more than ten thousand years. What can we do? "

"Even if we obtain Godhood, we won't be able to live for more than a hundred thousand years. Compared to the stars in the universe, our lifespan is frighteningly short. We are definitely not willing to accept this. The Warlock Saint will not accept this either.

We must create a miracle that has never happened since ancient times. Even if the spirit devils are wiped out, we won't hesitate. "

"That's right. With our cultivation, we can create things out of nothing. Even if the humans are wiped out, it doesn't matter." "In this world, lifespans should be fixed. If there's life, there will be death.

If we can complete the Spirit Demon Project and greatly reduce the number of living beings in this world, then we'll share the excess lifespans. " "Alright, let's do our best to upgrade the Dharma Realms." The 13 Deity realm experts all released their World Energy.

There was a treasury in the Dharma Realms. There were many ancient ruins in the treasury. Under the power of the thirteen Deities, they were all destroyed and turned into nourishment for the Dharma Realms. Rumble! The primal chaos seemed to have been opened.

Boundless energy descended from it. Then, holy light appeared in the Dharma Realms. This holy light was the energy left behind by the Dharma Saint.

Wherever the holy light touched, the chaotic elemental energy would settle down. Then, the essence would fuse with the space, making it even more stable.

When Gu Chensha saw all this, he immediately activated it secretly. He absorbed the power of the advancement of this world to increase his magic power. He could sense that during the process of all the changes in the Law Realm, the Warlock Saint had leaked out some of his origin.

The secrets contained in these Origins would allow him to gain a deeper understanding of the Warlock Saints.

The advancement of the Dharma Realms was no small matter. It could be said that it had been accumulating for thousands of years. In addition, the Spirit Demon Agreement between the Legalists and the pygmy demons allowed them to obtain many ancient ruins in the Demon Realm from the Devil Saint of the pygmy demons. Everything was mixed together to promote the advancement of the Dharma Realms.

"Is this the advancement of the Dharma Realms?

I've never seen such an experience. Even Chang Yuzhou's cosmic lightning pool couldn't reach this level. The Legalists' Dharma Realms are one step ahead. "Gu Chensha took this opportunity to pry into the secret. Rumble!

All of a sudden, the space inside started to collapse. It was as if the universe was collapsing and was about to condense into a small dot. When the collapse reached its limit, a spot of light was born.

Within the light, a figure appeared. This figure was only the size of a speck of dust. He wore a tall hat and ancient clothes. He had the demeanor of an ancient sage. It was as if he had grasped all the truths of the world.

"Dharma Saint."

Gu Chensha didn't need to look to know that it was the Dharma Saint. This was the condensation of his power.

Right now, Gu Chensha didn't know what kind of state the Dharma Saint was in. However, this speck of dust was expanding. In the blink of an eye, it was already the size of a soybean. The space in the Dharma Realms stabilized.

The soybean sized Dharma Saint's body emitted endless light, filling up every corner of the Dharma Realms. Gu Chensha once again obtained more of the Dharma Saint's secrets.

"Lord Dharma Saint is going to completely break free from his shackles. He's going to sever his fetters!" When the 13 god-rank experts saw this scene, they were instantly excited. At this moment, something strange happened. Rumble!

The World Crystal Wall of all the Dharma Realms was torn apart by a powerful force. Then, a huge hand reached in. This huge hand was pitch-black and carried an unparalleled destructive aura. It grabbed at the Warlock Saint, who was growing rapidly.

"Who? Who dares to attack the Dharma Realms!? "Gu Chensha discovered that this power was unprecedented.

A power that could directly tear apart the Dharma Realms' crystal walls was probably something only a Heavenly Venerate could possess.

This huge hand seemed to want to grab the newly born Dharma Saint. Clearly, this soybean sized Dharma Saint was extremely valuable.

However, the Dharma Saint was unfazed in the face of this grab. Instead, a smile appeared on his face. He actually said, "The Great Spirit God, Sorcerer Ancestor, don't waste your time. If I can't divine your alliance, won't I die in your hands?"

An even more resplendent and brilliant holy light appeared in the Dharma Saint's hand. Then, this light transformed into a brush.

This scarlet brush was like the red brush that emperors used every year to sentence criminals to death. As long as this brush ticked a name, that person would be dead for sure.

"This is the law that the Legalists created, the brush that judges all sins?

This is a connate numinous treasure that was born from the Primordial Tree. The power of this brush is only below that of the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife. "Gu Chensha was overjoyed. An outsider coming to attack the Dharma Realms was a great opportunity for him.

Otherwise, if the Dharma Saint's power continued to grow and eventually filled up the entire Legalists, he might not be able to hide it.

Now that the Dharma Realms were in chaos, Gu Chensha could seize this opportunity to obtain many things.

The wave that the Dharma Saint released earlier was very clear. The ones who came to attack him were two great existences. One was the Great Spirit God, and the other was some Sorcerer Ancestor.

"It's actually the Great Spirit God!" Gu Chensha felt like he had traveled far and wide in search of something, only to find it by chance.

"Gu Tanjian has an extremely powerful existence behind him. The Great Spirit God is definitely supporting him. However, other than the Great Spirit God, there's an even more terrifying powerhouse. It seems like it's this so-called Sorcerer Ancestor?" Gu Chensha tried his best to compress his Dharmic powers into a ball. At this moment, the Dharma Saint made his move.

The Dharma Saint held the red brush in his hand and drew a line in the air. A scarlet light with the aura of judgment appeared, attempting to cut off the pitch-black hand. At this moment, another giant hand appeared. This hand was pure white, crystalline, and flawless.

When combined with the pitch-black hand, it was actually a combination of Yin and Yang. The two palms came together, sandwiching the scarlet light. Then, the black and white light twisted and twisted, completely disappearing. Then, the black and white hand opened up and once again tried to capture the Dharma Saint. Rumble!

The Dharma Saint's body expanded once again, turning into the size of a normal person. The red brush in his hand wrote out pieces of text. The text was like tadpoles, wriggling and wriggling, forming a huge net that wrapped around the black and white hand.

Immediately, the entire Dharma Realm was in chaos. Countless space-time turbulence surged and scattered. All the divine beasts and spiritual beasts encountered a calamity. Bang!