Chapter 818
===========

Jing Qiu had already completely seen through Jing Fanxing.

He was the head of the Jing Family, and had watched Jing Fanxing grow step by step since he was young. Every time he encountered setbacks, he had never truly made a name for himself.

Although it was said that after setbacks, Jing Fanxing would always be able to obtain new fortuitous encounters, but after obtaining new fortuitous encounters, before he could even unleash the power of these fortuitous encounters, he would once again be knocked into the abyss. It was such a cycle.

Jing Qiu wanted to see if Jing Fanxing could still recover after stripping him of all his cultivation, fate, and essence.

Logically speaking, this was impossible. Jing Fanxing was the reincarnation of the "Invincible Heavenly King". In the future Heavenly Court, the Invincible Heavenly King was one of the Nine Heavenly Kings, second only to the Master of the Sun and Moon and the Emperor Of Heaven.

If Jing Fanxing couldn't even hold onto such a lofty position, he would definitely not be able to recover after falling.

"Jing Fanxing, don't struggle pointlessly. Your mind isn't even a tenth as deep as mine. I've already calculated all of your counterattacks. Right now, I'm not going to make a move, but once I do, I'll take your life."

Jing Qiu's expression kept changing. "Your IQ isn't high enough, your wisdom is shallow, and the key is that you're too ambitious. If I were you, I would immediately hide after awakening the Innocuous Heavenly King's Source, and only come out when I have enough strength. There are very few people who can divine you this way.

However, you covet the control of the Holy Sama Empire and attempt to replace me to obtain faith. This way, your cultivation will be extremely fast, and you can even obtain the Heart of the Desolate Desert, right?

Actually, even if I don't plot against you, you will soon plot against me in the future. I'm just taking the initiative to gain the upper hand. " These words struck a chord in Jing Fanxing's heart. Indeed, Jing Fanxing wanted to seize the management of the Holy Sama Empire.

In fact, Jing Qiu had been operating in the desert for a hundred years, and his faith had gradually seeped into the depths of the desert.

If Jing Fanxing took over Jing Qiu's business, he could grow to an extremely high level in just a few short years.

The Grand Inferno Heavenly King Xiao Yan, who was also known as Inferno World, had awakened thirty years earlier than Jing Fanxing. Then, he managed an enormous country with hundreds of billions of people. After thirty years of accumulation, he had finally cultivated to the Heavenly Longevity Realm. Jing Fanxing didn't have this kind of foundation, so he had to take another path. Unfortunately, Jing Qiu would not give him this opportunity.

The Power of Desolation pressed down from all directions, seeping into Jing Fanxing's body and gradually stripping strands of Innate Heavenly King Origin from his body.

This Heavenly King Source continuously squirmed about, the color even deeper than primal chaos. It seemed to be pure, but it also seemed to be full of all types of symbols, impossible to tell if it was clear or turbid. This was the Heavenly King Source.

"This is the essence of a Heavenly King. The best thing is now mine. Jing Fanxing, you're not the real Heavenly King. I'm the future Heavenly King."

Jing Qiu swallowed the source energy in one gulp. After that, his cultivation rose steadily, seemingly on the verge of breaking through.

"The Path of Divergent isn't a bottleneck. Heavenly King Authority, the future overlord." Jing Qiu swallowed the Heavenly King Source in big mouthfuls.

The Heavenly King Source melted in his body, causing him to break some kind of shackles and reach an unprecedented realm. Honglong! He had comprehended the Divergent.

Moreover, the World Energy in his body continued to transform. The Dao Realm 36 Embodiment Transformation power transformed into Heavenly Sovereign power. He was actually trying to break through to Heavenly Sovereign just like that.

Jing Qiu's strength rose and he absorbed more and more of the Heavenly King Source. Jing Fanxing became weaker and weaker.

After a few hours, all of Jing Fanxing's Heavenly King Source, fate energy, and even some future changes were all absorbed by Jing Qiu. Jing Qiu finally became an Heavenly Sovereign. Jing Fanxing didn't die, but he became a normal person once more.

From someone who could fight with Heavenly Sovereigns, someone who couldn't even kill Heavenly Sovereigns, he became a normal person. He had worked hard for so many years and now he was back to square one.

"Why, why!"

Jing Fanxing seemed to have gone mad. He shouted out loud, "Jing Qiu, if you have the ability then kill me. I have nothing and have become a normal person again. I might as well just die."

"Jing Fanxing, this is a good thing for you. You have become a normal person once more and you can start from scratch. You don't lack resources or cultivation techniques. As long as you don't die, you will definitely become an expert in the future. Why do you have to give up on yourself?"

Jing Qiu smiled: "You stay here now, I will give you some medicinal pills to replenish your energy. You have so many tribulations experience, cultivating again is extremely fast, so what if you lose the Innocuous Heavenly King's origin?"

Jing Fanxing hugged his head and curled up in a corner of the hall. His heart seemed to have died. Not to mention him, even if it was someone else, after experiencing so many blows from the peak to the bottom, they would not be able to bear it. In the end, there were even people who committed suicide.

Seeing Jing Fanxing like this, Jing Qiu shook his head and didn't care about him. Instead, he slowly digested all the Heavenly King Source in his body. He was a Heavenly Sovereign now, so he digested it very quickly.

The Heavenly King Source could help him break through layers and layers of limits. His cultivation comprehension was dozens of times better than Jing Fanxing's.

Boundless power wrapped around his body, and he stood up. He bowed to Mo Huang. "Mighty Mo Huang, we have fused into one. I have obtained the essence of a heavenly king, and in the future, I will dominate all worlds. I will be a supreme existence.

Now, I will sincerely worship you. Let's radiate life together. I will make the entire Mo Huang full of life. From now on, Mo Huang will be me, and I will be Mo Huang. " "As you wish!" A vast will poured into his body. Jing Qiu had finally obtained the recognition of the Heart of Desolation that he had yearned for.

His Heavenly Sovereign Dao was immediately perfected, and the aura of heavenly longevity was born. He was both a Heavenly Sovereign and the reincarnation of a peerless treasure. He had also devoured the Heavenly King Source of Innocuous Heavenly King. With the status and destiny of a heavenly king as a sacrifice to the Heart of Desolation, how much benefit would Mo Huang himself gain? It was simply immeasurable.

He had managed the Heart of Desolation for a century. There were oases everywhere in the desert, and Jing Qiu had gained great merit. Now, he had obtained true recognition. In other words, he was the Lord of Desolation.

In the past, the Dharma Saint had wanted to become the Lord of Desolation. He had worked for a long time, but he had not succeeded. But now, Jing Qiu had succeeded. His patience and perseverance had been rewarded.

The Central Divine Prefecture was surrounded by the Four Wilds: the Wildlands, the Desolate Desert, the Eastern Wastelands, and the Sea Wastelands.

Each continent contained endless mysteries. In essence, the four wastelands were all great thousand worlds. They were existences that surpassed the Xuanhuang Great Thousand World, the Central Great Thousand World, the Saha Great Thousand World, and the Jambu Great Thousand World.

Jing Qiu had obtained the recognition of Desolation. His cultivation had reached the peak of Heavenly Sovereign and he would soon step into the Heavenly Longevity Realm. Along with Desolation's protection, he had formed his own faction. In this chaotic world, he would be able to obtain a great sense of security.

"It's a pity that my empire isn't big, and the population isn't big either. There aren't many oases either, and I only occupy less than one-ten-thousandth of Desolation. If I can turn Desolation into oases, my strength will probably increase by several times. It wouldn't be strange for me to break through to the Heavenly Longevity Realm. I'm just a hair away, but in the next few months, I'll consolidate my cultivation and break through to the Heavenly Longevity Realm. After all, I'm the Innocuous Heavenly King. As for Jing Fanxing …" Jing Qiu slowly finished. "Don't kill him. You can even raise him. With my current strength, I can raise him to become someone with 20 Dao Realm Transformations. Maybe he'll have a fortuitous encounter in the future.

I feel like there's still a lot to be squeezed out of him. "This time, Jing Qiu was very satisfied. His cultivation had increased greatly, and he had even obtained the Heart of Desolation. Although he couldn't fully control it, he had the power of a thousand worlds. He was much stronger than the Dharma Saint. Even old antiques like Wan Senshi couldn't do anything to him.

His identity was now the Innocuous Heavenly King. "What I need to do next is very simple. I need to find the other Heavenly Kings.

Two of the Nine Heavenly Kings have already appeared. I'm one, and the Great Burning Heavenly King Xiao Yan is another. The others haven't appeared yet, so I need to find them one by one and devour them … "Jing Qiu immediately made a plan." I have Desolation in hand, and I can use its power. This is the supreme power of a thousand worlds. It's not impossible to suppress the Great Burning Heavenly King, much less the other reincarnations. If I devour the nine Heavenly Sovereigns and gather them in my body, what kind of realm will I reach?

More importantly, this isn't wishful thinking. It really exists. I'll devour the Innocuous Heavenly King right now.

This is the darkest era before the Chaos Era. The situation is chaotic, and there's no order. Anything can happen.

This is the worst era, but also the best era. In this era, I can use my schemes and talents to my heart's content. This time, the Demon Calamity is the Demon Race's counterattack, so the Calming Immortal Department will definitely have to handle it carefully. They won't have time to worry about me, and I can do many things calmly. If I find the reincarnation of the Emperor Of Heaven … and devour it? Then I'm afraid I'll be the leader in the future. " Jing Qiu's eyes pierced through time and space, landing on the Divine Central Continent.

Originally, the sky above the Divine Central Continent seemed to be covered by an invisible net. Even Saints and Heavenly Sovereigns couldn't clearly see what was going on in the Divine Central Continent. This was the Calming Immortal Department's arrangement to prevent spies. Otherwise, any expert could see everything in the Divine Central Continent across endless space and time. Wouldn't that be chaos? It wouldn't be able to display the majesty of the Yongchō.