Chapter 466
===========

Fa Liufeng was also looking at Gu Chensha. Naturally, he had a secret technique to observe his cultivation.

But when he used it to check on Gu Chensha, he only felt that Gu Chensha was filled with heavenly might. He was high up and looked down on all living beings. He couldn't see through his cultivation at all. When he tried to probe deeper, he felt an instinctive fear. He couldn't even control his magic power. In front of Gu Chensha, he felt like an ant looking at the sky.

"How is this possible?"

Fa Liufeng couldn't help but feel terrified. "Even when I was worshiping the Dharma Saint, I didn't feel this way. Why does he have such an aura? Did he surpass the Dharma Saint?

That's impossible. He must have used the power of some secret treasure. Maybe it's something left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. "

The Legalists had god-level experts. As the number one world in the Central Plains for thousands of years, their foundation surpassed most celestial sects. Even the Black Heaven Earth Sect, which was the top of the 72 Immemorial Mystical Sects, didn't dare to say that they could surpass the Legalists.

If the rumors were true, that the Dharma Saint was still alive and hadn't merged with the heavenly laws, then the Black Heaven Earth Sect would probably be at a disadvantage.

Although the Black Heaven Earth Sect's Sect Leader was a Saint-level expert, compared to an ancient Great Saint like the Dharma Saint, he was still a baby who had just learned to walk.

As the Legalists had a strong foundation, Fa Liufeng, who was the Legalists' Grand Elder, was very knowledgeable. His understanding of the quality of magic power far exceeded that of ordinary celestial cultivators. He had thought that Gu Chensha had just had some fortuitous encounter and that his foundation was actually quite weak. But now, it seemed like that wasn't the case.

In front of Gu Chensha, he instinctively felt that he was extremely small and insignificant. It was like the difference between a speck of dust and a mountain.

In reality, that was the case. With Gu Chensha's current cultivation and the quality of the heavenly laws, he had cultivated the 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth. With his cultivation, as long as a cultivator hadn't cultivated the True Dragon Technique, even if they were at the 26 Transformations of Heaven and Earth, he could instantly kill them.

Fa Liufeng's Vajra Technique quality was the same as his realm. He could simply kill them with a single breath. Fa Liufeng's Vajra Technique quality was the same as his.

In fact, Gu Chensha was now capable of secretly transforming a strand of his magic power into Fa Liufeng's magic power, allowing it to seep into his body and enter his sea of wisdom to obtain the countless secrets of the school of legalism. However, Fa Liufeng was completely unaware of it.

However, Gu Chensha was not prepared to do so. Firstly, he wanted to be polite before resorting to violence against the Legalists. Secondly, if the Warlock Saint was still around, he might sense something.

According to the legends, the Warlock Saint had been pursuing the Heavenly Path Technique all his life. His research on the quality of the True Dragon Technique was especially deep. It was rumored that he had mastered the Nine Levels of the True Dragon Technique, which was the first in history. Chen, Gu Chen, who, he didn 'Shan, at. At, he had Chen, he Shen, he, Shen, Si, and Shen, Chen, he, Ji, he, Shen, Chen, at, Gu, he.

"Ji, he,", "Xian," Tian, Xian Ji, I, Ji Tian "

"No wonder the Department of Calmness has developed so quickly. Even the three divine apes suffered a loss." Fa Liufeng calmed himself and stopped spying. He was afraid.

The Department of Calmness' actions had shocked the world. The aristocratic families had no choice but to take it seriously.

The three divine apes — the Thousand Transformation Stone Ape, the Yin-Yang Ghost Ape, and the Vajra Combat Ape — had all suffered.

Who would have thought that the tiny Calming Immortal Department, which had yet to achieve anything, would actually be able to easily defeat the Ape Race? It wasn't a big deal for the department to defeat Jing Qiu. After all, House Jing was too weak.

The apes had been a great race among the monster spirits since ancient times. The Chaotic Demon Ape God had become a god and shaken the world.

"My cultivation is just a bit faster. It's nothing to brag about."

Gu Chensha waved a hand. "I heard Brother Wuxian was injured when you fought Jing Qiu for the Myrtle Imperial Star's secrets. I wonder how you've recovered?

If you haven't, I can help. Our Celestial Demon Tree has been refined and can condense many rare primordial spirit herbs. " "Thank you for your kindness.

Fa Wuxian is in seclusion. Even I don't know when he'll come out. I'm really sorry that I can't meet with King. "

Fa Liufeng also knew some secrets, but he didn't know about Gu Chensha's fight with Jing Qiu for the profoundness of the Myrtle Imperial Star. Immediately, he had an idea.

Fa Wuxian wasn't a direct descendant of the school of Legalism. Even though he was a natural-born Saint, he hadn't made much of a name yet. He wouldn't tell his family some secrets to prevent his competitors from finding out.

Many disciples of the school of Legalism were extremely jealous of Fa Wuxian. They wanted nothing more than to kill him.

Any great family would have internal strife, especially in a Saint's family. The internal strife was even more bloody. There were schemes, infighting, and all sorts of things.

'It seems like the school of Legalism still doesn't know that Jing Qiu has the Myrtle Imperial Star's secrets. Fa Wuxian didn't say anything either.' Gu Chensha nodded inwardly. He'd killed two birds with one stone by saying that. How miraculous was the Myrtle Imperial Star? Even the school of Legalism coveted the secrets of the stars.

"King is here to visit the school of Legalism.

After all, the school of Legalism produced the empress and is inseparable from the imperial court. Speaking of which, King is also related to the school of Legalism, "Wen Hanlong said.

"I'm here to welcome King," Fa Liufeng said. "Our school of Legalism has already prepared a banquet and invites King to attend.

King is here to represent the Celestial Tranquility Department. Our school of Legalism doesn't dare to slight you. "

"In that case, let's not waste any time. I also have something to discuss with the school of Legalism." Gu Chensha floated into the air.

"This lowly official respectfully sends off King." Wen Hanlong hurriedly bowed.

Gu Chensha nodded and left Dharma State City with Fa Liufeng. They arrived at the head of the Dharma State's Great Dragon Vein, at the foot of the school of Legalism's Iron Mountain, where countless palaces were located. This was the foundation of the school of Legalism.

"I wonder how King's discussion with the school of Legalism will turn out."

Wen Hanlong watched as Gu Chensha left. "The great calamity is coming. The demonic nature and spiritual nature are about to clash again since ancient times. However, the calamity this time is probably much greater than any in history. I'm guarding Dharma State. What should I do?"

Just as he was thinking, a light suddenly flashed in front of him, and a General of the People appeared. He cupped his hands at Wen Hanlong. "Lord Governor, I've come under orders to cooperate with you. Our Celestial Tranquility Department will provide you with a large number of Human Dragon Pills, Human Dragon Armor, and Human Dragon Sword. We will nurture capable people for you to better supervise Dharma State and maintain the imperial court's order." "That's great."

Wen Hanlong was overjoyed. He knew that this General of the People was a puppet, but he didn't have the mechanical coldness of a puppet. On the contrary, he was very calm and knowledgeable. Every move he made had the air of a sage, and he was very dignified, just like a sage.

Naturally, he was sent by Gu Chensha. Wen Hanlong was loyal to the imperial court, so as the head of the Celestial Tranquility Department, he had to help him. At the same time, he wanted to rope him in. A top talent, an expert at Dao Realm Transformation 20, was worth roping in. At that moment, Gu Chensha had already landed in front of the Legalism Sect.

The Legalism Sect was built on a vast plain. The palaces stretched out and the iron mountain was like an ancient pillar that supported the sky. It was unique on the plains.

The palaces of the Legalism Sect were really solemn. They were connected to one another and were tall and wide. Even the shortest one was hundreds of feet tall. Some of the main palaces were 10,000 feet tall and were no different from mountains.

Anyone who saw these palaces would know that they couldn't be built by humans. Thus, they were filled with respect.

Ever since the Dharma Saint was born, the school of Legalism had never declined in a great tribulation or era. The entire Dharma State didn't have any chaos, and one had to say that it was a miracle. The Legalism Sect had a giant main gate.

The main gate was the highest and reached into the clouds. It was several miles wide and a person was as small as an ant in front of it. On the main gate, there were four black words that said "Gate of Order". This was written by the Dharma Saint himself. It meant that the Legalism Sect represented order.

It was said that when the Legalism Sect met guests, the main gate would never be opened. Even the most important guest could only enter from the side door.

Gu Chensha looked at the Gate of Order and his eyes shone. He followed Fa Liufeng into the side door and arrived at the main hall.

Along the way, the Legalism Sect was really particular. Many of the Legalism Sect disciples stood on both sides of the corridor. They stood straight and looked at Gu Chensha.

The talents of these legalism disciples are all quite good. Their cultivation bases are all at the martial arts grandmaster level. And this is the most ordinary disciple of etiquette, Gu Chensha thought.

Although the report from the Celestial Tranquility Department contained some secrets of the Legalism Sect, it was a totally different feeling from entering the Legalism Sect to observe. The ceremonial disciples on the first floor of the palace were all martial arts grandmasters.

As for the ceremonial disciples on the second floor, they were all disciples who had attained the first transformation of the Dao Realm, "Submission to Qi and Fasting". The third palace's disciples were Transformation Nine Bulls and Two Tigers. The fourth was Transformation Three Copper Skin Iron Bones.

Gu Chensha walked into the great hall of the sixth floor before stopping. The ceremonial disciples were all at the fifth transformation, "Hundred Apertures Condensing Spirit".

The School of Legalism lived up to its reputation as the number one aristocratic family for several millennia. Even a disciple of etiquette they casually put on could become a peerless expert if placed in the common folk or the pugilistic world. Who knew how many other experts were hidden?

Anyway, the Legalism Sect had more God Realm experts than the Ape Race. There were definitely more than three of them.

At that moment, a banquet was laid out in the sixth hall. There were five people accompanying the guests.

"These are the five elders of our Legalism Sect. They are Ceremonial Hall's Fa Liuyun, Punishment Hall's Fa Liupo, Pill Hall's Fa Liuyao, Wealth Hall's Fa Liujin, and Weapon Hall's Fa Liushuai." Fa Liufeng introduced, "I am the Skill Hall Elder."