Chapter 1094
============

Chapter 1089: Invincible

When The Fourth Gu Huasha channeled power into Wei Jia, Wei Jia began to transform. His body fused with the central plains universe's Heavenly Dao. The Heavenly Dao sensed Wei Jia's aura and actively responded to it.

"Central Plains Heart, One with Heaven and Earth, Endless Transformations, Fuse with My Heart."

Boundless power erupted from Wei Jia's body, but his aura was concealed by The Fourth Gu Huasha. Zhou Yang, who was far away in the old world, couldn't sense it at all.

Of course, Zhou Yang's power was completely suppressed in the old world, so his senses weren't very sensitive. If he was anywhere else, he would definitely be able to sense the changes in the central plains universe.

The central plains universe's Heavenly Dao laws were extremely powerful, and Zhou Yang had painstakingly refined them. They were even stronger than the mother nest, Taiwu, Arcana, and Primordial Chaos. This way, Wei Jia's efforts were all in vain.

With the help of The Fourth Gu Huasha, who was also at the Undying Realm, Wei Jia gradually fused with the central plains universe's Heavenly Dao and began to spread. His power continued to rise. In the end, a similarly Undying aura began to spread out from his body.

A thousand years ago, Wei Jia had already reached the pinnacle of the Heavenly Dao Realm. Over the past thousand years, his cultivation had already reached the pinnacle, and his strength was extraordinary. Yet, he was able to hide under Zhou Yang's nose without being discovered. Now that he had obtained The Fourth Gu Huasha's help, he was like a fish in water.

Seeing Wei Jia's steady rise, even The Fourth Gu Huasha couldn't quite control himself. He hadn't expected Wei Jia to improve so quickly.

"Finally, Heavenly Man One. The central plains are mine."

Wei Jia's body gave birth to a Undying aura. He had completely fused with the central plains universe.

The central plains universe trembled as his aura filled the air. At the same time, almost all living beings in the central plains universe had the same voice in their hearts: "Zhou Yang's actions have caused the central plains universe to be unable to improve. The universe's Heavenly Dao has abandoned him and chosen its true master, Wei Jia. From now on, Wei Jia will be the master of the central plains universe."

"In the Central Plains Cosmos, Wei Jia's strength is at the Undying Realm," The Fourth Gu Huasha said.

He could already tell that Wei Jia had not actually cultivated to the true Supreme Immortal Realm. However, if he combined it with the Heavenly Dao of the Central Plains Universe, he would reach the Supreme Immortal Realm. In other words, as long as he did not leave the Central Plains Universe, his realm could be called the overlord of the multiverse. If he left the Central Plains Cosmos, he would only be at the peak of the Heavenly Dao Realm.

Of course, this was still not bad. In the future, when he stimulated the Central Plains Cosmos to improve, he would definitely be able to reach the Undying Realm.

"Zhou Yang's lair has been raided just like that. He won't be able to return and will become a wandering ghost. Let's see what he will do next.

Would he fly into a rage out of humiliation and immediately return to attack the Central Plains Cosmos to take back his lair?

If that's the case, then I can make a sudden move and suppress him, causing him to lose everything. "

The Fourth Gu Huasha thought to himself, "I am indeed lacking a Supreme Immortal Realm artifact or a mount."

The Fourth Gu Huasha was prepared to refine Zhou Yang into an artifact. This way, he would be able to gain the upper hand against many Supreme Immortal Realm experts.

"If I refine Zhou Yan, then I can find a chance to refine Mister Wu Wu, Mister Wu Xin, Mister Wu Wei, and Mister Wu Xiang, and refine them into artifacts as well. Gathering the artifacts of five Supreme Immortal Realm experts, just how fierce would it be? I can't wait. "The Fourth Gu Huasha planned many things in his mind.

"Not good!"

In the Old World, Zhou Yang was observing Li Fusheng's changes. Suddenly, he felt that something was wrong and leaped out, leaving the Old World and arriving in the multiverse. Without the Old World's restraints, his senses became sharp again. He hurriedly tried to sense the Central Plains Cosmos, but found that it no longer belonged to him.

"Damn, damn! ！”

Zhou Yang was furious. He wanted to go back and take this universe back. Even if he couldn't, he wanted to destroy it completely. He couldn't let it fall into someone else's hands.

However, just as he was about to act, Li Fusheng caught up to him, "Master, I'm afraid this is a trap. You can't go back, or you'll be killed." "Why do you say that?" Zhou Yang turned around and looked at Li Fusheng.

Li Fusheng's cultivation was improving day by day, and he was now at the peak of the Heavenly Dao. His intelligence was outstanding, and he resonated with the Old World's Source, so he could unleash great power in the Old World.

"Master went through a lot of trouble to create the Central Plains Cosmos. You poured your heart's blood into it, but it was so easily taken away. From this, it can be seen that the person who took the Central Plains Cosmos must be someone powerful.

Moreover, to be able to take the Central Plains Cosmos without anyone knowing, he must have the support of an Supreme Immortal Realm expert. Otherwise, how could he hide from Master's eyes and ears? "Li Fusheng said with assurance.

"What you said makes sense. Let me calculate."

Zhou Yang's body burst out with data, which actually turned into a compass. As the compass spun, an aura suddenly appeared.

"It's Gu Huasha, you beast."

Zhou Yang's strength was also very strong, and he seemed to have grasped some of the threads of the matter. He deduced that this matter was caused by The Fourth Gu Huasha.

"I didn't expect Gu Huasha to have cultivated to the Supreme Immortal Realm. If that's the case, things are going to be troublesome. This person's foundation is much deeper than mine." Zhou Yang sank into deep thought.

"Master, there's no need to worry. Actually, the Central Plains Cosmos is just a burden to you."

Li Fusheng said again, "Master came to the Old World to plot to take the position of Master of the Old World. That Gu Huasha was originally the Emperor Of Heaven, but unfortunately, his identity was taken away. However, he is not satisfied and wants to take the position of Master of the Old World. Therefore, he must enter the Old World. He can't stay in the Central Plains Cosmos for long. As long as he enters the Old World, Master can use the opportunity to kill him. Then, the Central Plains Cosmos will return to its original owner sooner or later."

"Even in the Old World, killing Gu Huasha is not an easy task. You must know that he is the Emperor Of Heaven of the Old World. Although his fate has been taken away, he still has some favor. As for me, I am rejected by the Old World." Zhou Yang said, "If I don't handle this well, I'm afraid I might be killed by this person." "Actually, it's not that there is no solution to this."

Li Fusheng said, "Right now, in the Old World, the ones with the most fate are the main character candidates produced by the Will of the Old World.

I am one of them. If Master can help me subdue and devour these main character candidates one by one, then my fate will reach the extreme. I can then lure Gu Huasha in and use the power of the Old World to directly take away all of his foundations. " "I am also thinking about this."

Zhou Yang looked at Li Fusheng. He was also very careful. Although he had been helping this person, this person's fate shocked him. If he allowed this person to devour more main character candidates, he would not be able to control himself and might burn himself playing with fire. After thinking for a moment, Zhou Yang's eyes darkened. "Let's go back." The two of them once again fell into the Old World.

In the Central Plains Cosmos, Wei Jia had taken control of the universe and began to carry out large-scale reforms. At the same time, he was guarding against Zhou Yang's counterattack. Unfortunately, Zhou Yang did not come, which surprised him.

"Zhou Yang can really endure," Wei Jia said to The Fourth Gu Huasha.

"This person probably discovered me and hid in the Old World. He doesn't dare to come out, afraid that I will set a trap for him. "

The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "But this is even better. You can manage the Central Plains Cosmos like an iron bucket."

"I realized that even if I manage the Central Plains Cosmos, my achievements are actually extremely limited. Only by going to the Old World can I obtain the greatest capital to advance." Wei Jia also knew how things should develop.

"It's fine. Naturally, I want to go to the Old World."

The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "The Old World is mine. It used to be mine. Now, I want to take back what belongs to me. Although this is not an easy task, it is not impossible." "We need to carry out a plan."

Wei Jia said, "Sir, after you become the Master of the Old World, I hope to obtain a position that is only below one person and above tens of thousands. That will be enough."

"This will satisfy you." To make Wei Jia feel at ease, The Fourth Gu Huasha had to divide the benefits.

"In that case, I will completely follow Sir." Wei Jia was delighted.

"In the future, the Old World will be ours."

The Fourth Gu Huasha smiled and said, "That Zhou Yang is stirring up trouble in the Old World. I will not be willing to fall behind. I will go and compete with him." "Right." Wei Jia said, "There are many opportunities in the Old World, but what about the New World?

The New World and the Old World are diametrically opposed. There are endless opportunities in the Old World, and there will also be opportunities in the New World. Moreover, from the information I obtained, there are actually people in the New World who have advanced to the Undying Realm. Perhaps we can take this opportunity to obtain the New World? " "Don't even think about it."

The fourth brother, Gu Huasha, said, "Gu Chensha's strength isn't something you can imagine. His new world doesn't have any loopholes. Anyone who enters it will have all the foundations of the old world washed away and become Gu Chensha's vassals. This is a very sad thing. "

"I want to take over the New World just like how I took over the Central Plains Cosmos. I want to chase Gu Chensha out." Wei Jia sighed, unwilling to give up.

"If Gu Chensha was so easy to deal with, he wouldn't have been able to create the New World."

The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "Once you've completely stabilized the Central Plains Cosmos, you can go to the Old World." At this time, Gu Chensha had also entered the Old World. He observed the changes, feeling that it was very interesting.

"The Fourth actually advanced to the Undying Realm and took over Zhou Yang's Central Plains Cosmos. However, because of this, the two of them will probably fight to the death. I wonder who will benefit from this?"

According to Gu Chensha's calculations, because of this grudge, the Fourth Gu Huasha and Zhou Yang will fight to the death in the Old World and be refined by someone else.