Chapter 345
===========

Elder Wangji had a reason to hate Jing Fanxing more than him. Jing Fanxing was only locked up for a short period of time before Heaven Earth Sect's Elder Qingyao, who was the Heaven Talisman Emperor's senior sister, took a piece of Green Dragon God Wood and saved him.

Gu Chensha used the Green Dragon God Wood to refine the Heaven Repairing God General and his cultivation increased by a lot. He also used the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman to sacrifice the intent left by the Heaven Earth Sect Sect Leader to deduce his own Common People Heaven Repairing Technique. He had squeezed out all of Jing Fanxing's value.

Elder Wang Ji was forced to serve as a slave for three years. He was ridiculed by the people of the world and the people of the Immortal Dao.

One could say that if he didn't wipe out the Great Yongchō and kill the Heaven Talisman Emperor, he wouldn't be able to raise his head.

"So, it is Elder Wangji."

Gu Chensha laughed. "You served three years of labor. My original intention was for you to cultivate painstakingly, to possess a compassionate heart, to turn evil into peace, and to improve your cultivation. This was done with good intentions, but you actually treated it as a humiliation. It seems like it will be difficult for you to advance further on the path of cultivation." Elder Wangji's cultivation was also at the 21st transformation of the Dao Realm, Five Element Body.

Elder Wangji gnashed his teeth and said, "You've got a sharp tongue, kid. I won't kill you today, but I'll make you suffer the pain of refining your soul. In the end, I'll turn you into the most ferocious demon and send you out to harm the living. I'd like to see what Gu Taxian's son thinks about killing his people." Gu Chensha didn't bother about him and looked to the side, "Brother Gu Huo, you can come out too."

As expected, a person walked out. It was actually Gu Huo, who had ambushed Gu Chensha many years ago and had his Golden Pellet snatched away. This person was a core member of the Great Wei Dynasty and was a few ranks higher than Bao Ming 'er.

At this moment, not only had Gu Huo recovered, but his cultivation had also increased. His body was covered in Star Power and he seemed like the incarnation of disaster.

"I didn't expect Brother Gu Huo to have his Gold Core taken away by me and lose his cultivation. Instead, it was a blessing in disguise. He comprehended the Profound Meaning of Disaster and obtained the reincarnation of the Star of Disaster."

Gu Chensha discovered that Gu Huo's cultivation was actually higher than Jing Fanxing's. He was also at the Twenty-two Transformations of Heaven and Earth, but his transcendence energy and aura were clearly superior, as if he was about to advance to the Twenty-three Transformations. Gu Huo created his own "Nine Calamities and Changes" supernatural power.

He had survived the disaster of Gu Chensha seizing his Jindan, which was equivalent to surviving a disaster. Naturally, his understanding of the Divine Ability had deepened.

Of course, once a Golden Core was taken away, it was basically impossible to recover. If one relied on their own strength and did not have a fortuitous encounter, they would be nothing but trash. Strength was strength. Once it was taken away, one would still have to painstakingly cultivate again.

Fortunately, Gu Huo had the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor behind him. He was a sage-level expert, so everything could be easily resolved.

"Everything was thanks to the Emperor. If not for the Emperor, even if I understood more profound mysteries, I would still be useless now."

The Emperor that Gu Huo mentioned was not the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, but the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. "Brother Chensha's eyes are sharp. I did indeed find the person who reincarnated as the Bane of Existence. Then, I seized his profoundness and integrated it into my body, making it even more perfect.

This way, not only did my cultivation completely recover, but I also improved by leaps and bounds over the years. The blow that Brother Chensha dealt to me previously turned into a good thing. Originally, I did not want to take revenge on Brother Chensha, but the Emperor's orders cannot be disobeyed. I could only reluctantly leave Brother Chensha in this demonic domain today. "

"Very good. The four of you combined forces indeed have the qualifications to kill me." Gu Chensha's gaze slowly swept across Jing Fanxing, Xiao Yan, Wang Ji, and Gu Huo.

Among them, Jing Fanxing and Gu Huo were both at the 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth, while Xiao Yan and Wang Ji were at the 21 Transformations of Five Elements.

If Gu Chensha were to deal with Jing Fanxing alone, he could use his ever-changing techniques and experience to kill him.

But against the four of them combined, it would be extremely dangerous, and he would almost certainly lose.

Jing Fanxing was blinded by hatred. Although he was strong, he might not be able to unleash his full strength, so there was no need to fear him.

Gu Huo was more terrifying. This person had his own dao, and created the Nine Calamities Transformation. Moreover, he was unusually free and unrestrained. With his current cultivation level, even in a one-on-one battle, Gu Chensha might not be able to do anything to him.

"Very good. From the looks of it, the Mystic Immortal Dao and the Great Wei Dynasty have joined forces?" Gu Chensha looked at the situation and had already guessed something.

"The Great Yongchō Court has committed a crime, and has disturbed the order of the Three Realms. The Gu Family harbors evil intentions, and intends to enslave the people of the divine prefecture forever. We, the Immortal Dao, have already come to an agreement. We will capture the entire Gu Family, and when the Great Wei Dynasty enters the divine prefecture, they will forever be reduced to slaves and prostitutes. Apart from that, your group will first be locked in cages and paraded around the world." Xiao Yan said in a venomous tone.

"That's right. The Great Wei Dynasty strives to rule, and has the aura of a king. They can enter the divine prefecture, while the Gu Family will forever be the lowest of existences. Destroying you would be letting you off too easily. Only by humiliating you forever can I resolve the hatred in my heart."

A scarlet longsword appeared in Elder Wang Ji's hand, and it emitted the aura of blood, fire, and lava. This sword seemed both demonic and immortal, and without even looking, it was obvious that it had great killing power.

"A bunch of lunatics, and you still have the nerve to call yourself the Immortal Dao?"

Gu Chensha shook his head, and was too lazy to say anything more to these people. "Since you want to surround and kill me, then do it. I want to use you to break through to the next realm." He suddenly dashed forward.

With a wave of his hand, countless rays of light turned into lightning that filled the sky, and exploded towards the four of them.

"Don't let him advance. Force him deeper into the demonic domain, and make it so that he can't sense the sphere."

Gu Huo had clearly received guidance. Suddenly, a magic treasure flew out. This magic treasure was a dazzling galaxy, and it was set up in the sky. It blocked all of Gu Chensha's attacks, and at the same time, blocked the direction in which Gu Chensha was advancing.

Now, Gu Chensha could no longer sense the Common People's Wish sphere. If he wanted to sense it, he would have to go to the altar that he had built, or return to the Bottomless Sea of Sin and the passageway where the seal of the demonic domain was broken. The people who were trying to kill him seemed to know this as well.

"If he can sense the sphere and borrow the power of the sphere, we won't be able to deal with him." Jing Fanxing knew this better. He once again transformed into the Mystic Demon Subduing Sword and suddenly slashed.

But Gu Chensha suddenly retreated in the sky full of rays, and actually fled deeper into the demonic domain. He wasn't prepared to fight.

The vast demonic domain was free for him to run. He had to create an opportunity in the escape route to kill these people. If he was completely surrounded by the four of them, he would fall into a situation of certain death.

"He actually fled without fighting. I thought he was very powerful." Xiao Yan's body turned into a five-colored rainbow, and he directly chased.

The five-colored rainbow was formed from the five elements of magic power: metal, wood, water, fire, and earth.

At this realm, one's magic power could turn into five forms, and they would twist and twist together. The five elements would cycle, and one's speed would be so fast that they didn't need any magic treasures.

In many ancient immortal dao books, it was recorded that immortals suddenly turned into a five-colored rainbow and left. This was the realm.

This time, the four experts surrounded Gu Chensha, and all of them were experts of this level. They were afraid that Gu Chensha would escape.

The twenty-first transformation of the five elements cultivators would transform into a five-colored rainbow. They would borrow the earth to create water, water to create wood, wood to create fire, fire to create gold, and gold to create earth. They would circulate and push each other, and the five elements and five energies would circulate to the limit, allowing them to travel thousands of miles in an instant, or even ten thousand miles.

Gu Chensha's speed wasn't slow either. He circulated his Yuan Spirit, used astral energy, and harmonized the core energy in his body. He wrapped himself in a black sun, and as he absorbed the demonic energy, he avoided fighting the four experts head-on.

When he flew, there was a drawback, and that was the friction with the atmosphere would reduce his speed.

Fortunately, he had comprehended many ancient techniques, and he could reduce the friction to the minimum. But when he flew, it was far less convenient than the four experts. Magic power in itself was a power that surpassed astral energy, Yuan Spirit, and core energy.

Gu Chensha was several realms away from them, and it was a difference between heaven and earth. No amount of comprehension could make up for it.

Just like in the real world, even if a person was knowledgeable and talented, he would not be able to defeat a stupid county magistrate.

If it wasn't for the fact that Gu Chensha cultivated the most terrifying cultivation techniques in the world, the Son of Heaven God Sealing Art and the Great God Slaughtering Art, he probably wouldn't be able to hurt any of the four. The four followed closely behind, like maggots on a bone, and wouldn't let go. Gu Chensha circulated the core energy in his body, and the consumption was quite intense.

"Let's see how long he can escape."

Elder Wang Ji sent out a thought, "He's dead for sure. He hasn't formed his golden core, and he dares to consume his core energy like this. He's destroying his own foundation. Before forming his golden core, core energy is extremely precious, and using a bit of it is equivalent to using his life force."

"That's right, this kid also knows that this is a life and death situation, and he can't care too much." Xiao Yan immediately replied, "We just need to be careful and chase him deep into the demon territory, the deeper the better.

This person is stupid. If he fought with us from the start, we might have some reservations, and he might even drag one of us down with him before he dies. But now, we can't do anything. As his core energy is consumed, he'll become weaker and weaker.

You have to know that the golden core is the price of sucking out one's life force countless times. Once it's consumed, it's almost impossible to recover. " "That's right, this person is desperate."

A cruel smile appeared on Jing Fanxing's face, "He won't be able to hold on for long. As long as we see his speed weaken, we'll immediately attack and prepare our killing technique. We'll definitely succeed."

"It's a pity that we have to use such a method to kill him." Elder Wang Ji frowned, "If we could capture him alive and humiliate him, that would be good too." "Don't worry, this kid won't really die. We have a way to turn him into a demon."

Xiao Yan laughed sinisterly, "This is part of our plan. If this kid doesn't turn into a demon and start a massacre, how will we have an excuse to let the Great Wei Dynasty take over the Divine Continent?"