Chapter 449
===========

The Common People's Marshal held the three-pointed, double-edged sword in his hand. Just by standing there, he gave off the aura of looking down on the world and looking down on all the heroes in the world.

"This Common People's Marshal's mana is so strong. I wonder if she can fight Wu Dangkong alone?" Lou Baiyue asked.

"I'm afraid one won't be enough. Although they have all cultivated the River of Myriad Things, Wu Dangkong had many fortuitous encounters after all. Her mana is strong, and she has also cultivated the Son of Heaven Investiture Art. However, if ten Common People's Marshal were to join forces, she would be completely suppressed by her own mana, without the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman or other magic treasures.

As for the 360 Common People's Marshals attacking together, the power would be unimaginable. "Gu Chensha was a little proud.

Now that his strength had really matured, he could carry out various plans and strengthen his foundation to deal with the upcoming outbreak of the Devil Disaster.

In the center of the Sin Province, the seal of the Bottomless Sea of Sin had been broken. In the Devil's Domain below, more and more demons gathered, and there was a possibility of an outbreak at any time. Fortunately, Dou Nineteen had sacrificed in the Devil's Domain. He had killed countless demons and injured the Demon Gods, which made some Demon Gods vigilant, and to a certain extent, delayed the outbreak of the Devil Disaster.

As for why the Devil Disaster would break out, Gu Chensha also knew that it was a conflict between the demonic nature and the spiritual nature. Humans were the spirit of all things, and the strength of humans represented the increase of the spiritual power. In this way, the balance would be lost, and the demonic nature would break out, suppressing the spiritual power, so that the order and chaos of the universe would be in balance.

And the agitation of the demonic nature would be sensed by some of the supreme powers of the demon race. At this time, they would follow the demonic nature and promote the outbreak of the Devil Disaster, thereby obtaining the blessing of the demonic nature and even the power of the Heavenly Dao. At the same time, their cultivation would become more profound, and their lifespan would be increased. Since ancient times, the spiritual nature and the demonic nature had been in conflict like this.

When the power of the demonic nature suppressed the spiritual nature, the world would be plunged into misery and suffering, and the Son of Destiny, the savior, would appear in the world. At that time, many who followed the will of destiny would receive the reward of the Heavenly Dao, and even extend their lifespan.

Gu Chensha also understood the actions of the three Celestial Venerables. When demons wreaked havoc, they would assist the Son of Heaven and establish order. When the power of the human world was too strong, the three Celestial Venerables would also send their disciples to wreak havoc in the world. All of this was to obtain the reward from the Heavenly Dao and extend their lifespans.

From a certain perspective, although the three Empyreans were anomalies, they had also become the slaves of the Heavenly Dao. Of course, there were two sides to this matter. The Heavenly Dao had to compromise with them and didn't immediately kill them. Just like an Emperor, they could not kill the ministers at will. The Emperor's King of Heaven.

"As a King Marshal, he with the King the King of the Emperor 'King King, a Emperor Just a a, a Emperor in," Emperor "of the of the Emperor That that said, on the Marshal Emperor king, of.

"As a human, I naturally hope that the human race will prosper and break through some kind of boundary. Our spirituality will flourish, forever suppressing the demonic nature."

Gu Chensha thought for a moment. "Father Emperor is the same. This ancient battle between the spiritual nature and the demonic nature, the entanglement of yin and yang, it is time to end it. However, ending all of this will be extremely difficult, but this path must be continued. I cannot become one of the three Holy Masters. They were clearly Divergent, but they still compromised in the end. Of course, if they didn't compromise, they would have died long ago. "

Suddenly, Gu Chensha discovered that the relationship between the peak powerhouses, Divinities, Saints, Divergents, Empyreans, and other powerful existences and the Heavenly Dao was just like the relationship between ministers and nobles and the Emperor. Each had their own interests and each had their own plans, but they maintained a balanced whole. Although Divergents rebelled, they could still be recruited.

"Interesting, interesting. Looking at the small to see the big. This universe is also a great imperial court. Since ancient times, hasn't the Son of Heaven imitated the Heavenly Dao? It seems that understanding the Imperial Court also means understanding the Heavenly Dao. "

Gu Chensha's figure flickered, and he left the sphere of Common People's Will, arriving at the edge of his fief, which was the vast mountain range he had conquered.

Although he had created a wide road that led directly to the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos, it was still not an easy task to explore the countless mountain ranges. There were still countless poisonous insects, fierce beasts, demonic apes, and some unknown demon races hidden within.

Gu Chensha did not clear them away. Although his current cultivation had reached the Heavenly Dao Dharma quality, and he could completely flatten any mountain range within a radius of hundreds of thousands of miles, he deliberately left it there to temper his disciples.

The true hidden dangers of the mountain range outside his fief had been eliminated. Countless adventurers, pugilistic world experts, and even some aristocratic families' disciples came here to enter the mountain range in search of treasures. Some even bought land from Gu Chensha to build houses and shops.

The land here now belonged to Gu Chensha, his personal fief. It did not belong to the Imperial Court, and not even to the Calming Immortal Department.

The laws of the Imperial Court stated that in the Wildlands, any land conquered by a prince would belong to him. In the future, as the population increased, the value of land would also increase.

In the past, ordinary people did not have enough to eat. Twenty years ago, before the Yongchō was established, ordinary families had to mix their food with wild vegetables, and some even ate grass roots and tree bark. After the Yongchō was established, the number of people who starved to death decreased. In the following years, the weather was favorable, and the canal was opened. Every household had food reserves, and after that, every household was able to eat meat. Medical centers also opened everywhere, and medical standards improved greatly. The infant mortality rate also dropped to the lowest point.

In the past, women giving birth was like the gates of Hell. Basically, one wrong move and all the children would die. But now, this problem had been solved by the Imperial Court.

Gu Chensha had long planned to push the world's population to the next level, causing the population to explode! Completely exploding, increasing the strength of the human race.

Of course, an explosion in population would also bring about many problems. Not everyone was good, and there were many people with ulterior motives. This would depend on the leadership ability of the leaders who stood at the peak of the era.

Gu Chensha's vision was no longer the same as it was in the past. This was his goal in establishing the Institute of the Common People's Wishes.

First, he would establish the institute here. Then, he would send the most capable people of the institute to establish branches all over the country. The children that the institute recruited would be subsidized, and the families of the children would be encouraged to have more children. Finally, this would lead to a wave of change throughout the country.

He wouldn't directly let the Imperial Court implement the birth control policy. Firstly, the Imperial Court still had the Crown Prince, Wu Dangkong, Gu Tanjian, the various princes, the Celestial Designer Institute, and other aristocrats. The Calming Immortal Department wouldn't be able to completely control the Imperial Court. They would be monopolizing power, and it would be very difficult for them to implement any new policies. Secondly, even if they did implement it, the Calming Immortal Department would have to provide a large amount of resources. At that time, the various aristocrats would benefit from it and divide the profits. On the contrary, the Calming Immortal Department would be transfusing blood to the aristocratic clans and making enemies for themselves.

The gains wouldn't make up for the losses. Now that he had established the institute, he would recruit disciples, conduct examinations, reward them, and bring the families of the disciples along. Although the initial effects wouldn't be as fast as the Imperial Court directly implementing the birth control policy, it was pure and the power was in his own hands.

'Starting from scratch, governing the world, using the institute to influence the major events of the entire world. I'd like to see how good my own methods are.' Gu Chensha landed in the midst of a vast mountain range.

The place where he landed was a lake in the mountains. This lake had a circumference of several dozen li and was so deep that the bottom couldn't be seen. It was surrounded by mountains, and there were dozens of waterfalls that flowed into the lake like the Milky Way. However, the lake seemed to never be able to fill up.

He looked down and saw that there was a huge underground river at the bottom of the lake. He didn't know where it led to.

The lake water was clear, and there were countless fish swimming about. There were also some large snakes, lizards, crocodiles, and other unique beasts and poisonous creatures hidden in the water.

Everywhere in the Wildlands was dangerous. Even a seemingly clear lake could be filled with hidden dangers, and even poisonous insects.

The water in the Wildlands couldn't be drunk directly. There were many invisible insects in the water, and even when the water was boiled, they couldn't be killed. Those who drank the water were covered with insects, and some had their organs eaten up. There were even some who had their brains invaded by insects.

Gu Chensha had long since used his magic to see that there were actually many poisonous insects in the clear lake water. There were at least a few thousand of them in a single drop of water. It was a terrifying sight, but mortals couldn't see them with their naked eyes.

Next to the lake was a sandy beach. There were many beautiful pebbles on the beach, and they had been washed round by the lake water. Gu Chensha was inspecting the terrain, and felt that he could build an institute here.

"Shua!"

With a thought, a gray pebble landed in his hand. He grabbed it lightly, and his magic power circulated slightly. The gray pebble shone with a golden light, and it actually turned into real gold. Gu Chensha retracted his magic power, and the gray pebble didn't regress. It was still gold.

"As expected, it will never regress! This is what it means to never regress! "

Gu Chensha was slightly excited. The quality of the Heavenly Dao Art was indeed a quality that no one had been able to cultivate since ancient times. After turning a stone into gold, it would never regress. Even if he retracted his magic power, it would still be gold. This was the supreme power of the Heavenly Dao's creation.

In the blink of an eye, the worthless pebble turned into gold in his hand, and its value increased by ten thousand times.

"Snake!"

Gu Chensha grabbed out, and a colorful poisonous snake appeared in the water. He infused his magic power into it, and after two breaths, the poisonous snake actually turned into a golden snake.

However, when the snake turned into gold, it instantly lost its life, and its soul dissipated from the world.