Chapter 669
===========

"You placed all your treasures on Wu Dangkong. That was a huge mistake."

Gu Chensha said, "That woman goes back on her word. She's the best at betraying her companions. It's normal for you to be betrayed by her. If you had joined forces with me in the past, then this wouldn't have happened."

"Boy, you have a sharp tongue, but my goal is to plunder the entire Divine Continent and fuse it with me. I want to reach the 100th Stage of the Divine Continent.

You little fellows swore to protect the Divine Continent with your lives, but in the future you will definitely harm me. But that Wu Dangkong is different. For the sake of her own cultivation base, she is absolutely willing to sell off the Divine Continent. Can you do the same? "

"You are truly worthy of being called Xing Qiongshi. You have a profound vision. You were able to see the essence of the problem with a single glance."

Gu Chensha gave him a thumbs up. "It's true that we can't let you refine the entire Central Divine Continent. Of course, you won't be able to refine it yourself either. Being heavily wounded is an example of that. I came here today because I want to join forces with you to deal with a powerful existence. He created the New Divine Continent, and if you swallow it up, you will be able to recover from your injuries. Although the New Divine Continent isn't the true Divine Continent, it still contains that old antique's understanding of it."

"Are you speaking of Wan Senshi?" Xing Qiongshi asked. He seemed to know everything, and there was no way he could hide anything from him.

"Lord Xing Qiongshi is truly extraordinary. To think you even know this." As Gu Chensha spoke, he revolved the strength of his dimensional realm, staying on guard at all times.

Right now, he naturally wasn't a match for Xing Qiongshi. Even stimulating the strength of his dimensional realm was useless.

Firstly, it was impossible for him to display the greatest power of his dimensional realm. Secondly, Xing Qiongshi's cultivation base was truly heaven-shaking. After his rebirth, he had taken another step forward. If he could deal with Xing Qiongshi, then he could deal with Wan Senshi.

Of course, if he wanted to use the strength of a dimensional realm to escape, it would be impossible for Xing Qiong to kill him.

"Wan Senshi is much older than me. He is an old monster born in the Big Bang of Chaos. He has an innate body and is extremely powerful. He has cultivated to the Longevity Realm and lives as long as heaven and earth. Unless I have mastered the 100th layer of the Divine Land's Body and become one with the Divine Land, I can only kill and suppress him. Otherwise, even if I recover all my strength, I will only be on par with him. How can you contact me to deal with him? What's in it for me? "Xing Qiong said.

"It's not impossible for you to assimilate into the Central Divine Prefecture."

Gu Chensha said, "If you're willing to protect the Central Divine Prefecture, nurture its people, and resist the devils, then I can allow you to merge with the Divine Prefecture. What do you think?" "What did you say?"

Xing Qiong didn't seem to understand. He stared fixedly at Gu Chensha, waiting for Gu Chensha to continue.

"What I'm trying to say is that you wanted to devour the Divine Central Continent. But have you ever thought about it? The Divine Central Continent is the center of the Endless Mainland, and the Endless Mainland is the center of the Infinite Worlds. In fact, it's the center of space and time in the universe.

In fact, the Will of the Endless Mainland might even devour you, turning you into a target for all. At that time, you would once again be surrounded and attacked like you were all those years ago. "Gu Chensha spoke frankly and eloquently.

He had obtained all the teachings and legacies of the Buddhist Sect, and his words were filled with incitement. It could be said that when he opened his mouth, heavenly flowers would rain down, golden lotuses would spring up from the ground, rocks would nod, and Heavenly Demons would lay down their butcher's knife and become Buddhas.

The Buddhist Sect's strongest point wasn't their techniques, nor were they their techniques. It was their Dao of Debate, debating the truth of the universe. They could practically refute all the major existences to the point of speechlessness.

Even though Gu Chensha hadn't completely digested all the Dao of Debate of the Buddhist Sect, he had gradually begun to distill the essence within them.

"Go on." Xing Qiongshi knew that Gu Chensha had touched on a key point.

"I've recently gained enlightenment about the most crucial thing, and that is the conversion of Yin and Yang, the exchange of life and death, and the birth of Yang when Yin is extreme. This is the so-called Dao of Buddhism and Demons, and it's all within a single thought.

Xing Qiongshi, your principle is to plunder and assimilate the Divine Prefecture into your own body. Such a method is naturally an unparalleled overlord, and you live up to your reputation as the Fiercest Number One Evildoer of the Divine Prefecture. However, if you think about it from another perspective, why don't you take the extreme path of transformation and transform it into a Great Offering? Instead of plundering the Divine Prefecture, you fuse yourself into it and strengthen the transformation of the entire continent, abandoning your own body to attain a higher level of sublimation? "

Gu Chensha paused for a moment, then continued, "When the so-called Great Plunder reaches the extreme, even the slightest transformation is a Great Offering. The Central Divine Prefecture is the node of all worlds, and it's currently flourishing with fortune and endless fortuitous encounters. Everyone wants to obtain fortuitous encounters from the Central Divine Prefecture, but if we think about it from another perspective, what if we don't obtain fortuitous encounters from the Central Divine Prefecture, but instead worship it? Wouldn't that open up a whole new world? "

After saying this, he suddenly looked at Xing Qiongshi. "I think that this is the key to cultivating the Divine Prefecture's Hundred Layers. As for whether you believe me or not, that'll depend on your ability to comprehend it. I believe that with your current realm, you should be able to comprehend the essence of it."

"You're saying that you want me to give up on the idea of plundering the Divine Prefecture, and instead sacrifice myself in order to gain courage and make a Great Offering, fuse myself into the Divine Prefecture, and take the other extreme path?" Unexpectedly, Xing Qiongshi didn't get angry. "Are you trying to trick me into dying? You're quite bold. " "The logic behind it is very profound."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Exalted Xing Qiongshi, you know how powerful the Divine Prefecture's Hundred Layers are. Even if you don't succeed, you can still destroy a minor chiliocosm with a single punch. If you succeed, you might even be able to destroy a medium chiliocosm.

The so-called three Layers are celestial, celestial longevity, celestial origin, and creation of heaven and earth. Since the great explosion of primal chaos, no living being has ever reached the celestial origin realm. But your Divine Prefecture's Hundred Layers points directly to celestial origin. If you succeed, doesn't that mean that anyone can succeed? In any case, I'm just offering you an idea. It's up to you to choose.

In any case, if you want to walk the path that no one has walked before, you have to do extraordinary things. That's all I'm saying. " Xing Qiongshi fell silent. He hadn't thought of that.

The 100th layer of the Divine Continent's Body was to refine the entire Divine Central Continent, fuse oneself with the Divine Continent, and achieve a great realm that no one had been able to achieve since ancient times. But he also knew that it was impossible for him to refine the Divine Central Continent. He had a feeling that he might have taken the wrong path.

Gu Chensha's suggestion was that he might as well change his way of thinking, fuse himself into the Divine Prefecture of the Central Plains, and make a contribution to it. Perhaps that would give him unimaginable results, but it was also extremely dangerous. If he didn't succeed, he would die, and his body would become nourishment for the Central Plains.

Gu Chensha's suggestion wasn't to harm him, but to provide another way of thinking. As the saying went, when yin and yang were exhausted, the Dao would change.

"Your way of thinking is that the Dao will change, and when everything is exhausted, it will reverse."

Xing Qiongshi was actually considering Gu Chensha's suggestion. "In order to achieve extraordinary things, we must use extraordinary methods.

I didn't expect you to provide me with such a way of thinking. What a wild imagination. This will be extremely beneficial to your Celestial Calmness Department. After all, the karmic luck of the Central Plains is managed by your Celestial Calmness Department, and if you persuade me, there will be an enormous amount of karmic luck. If I fuse with the karmic luck of the Central Plains, then the invasion of the Demon Realm will immediately collapse, and you might even be able to fight your way into the Demon Realm. In addition, the Divine Prefecture's earthen qi will become incomparably dense, and the Divine Prefecture of the Central Plains will give back power to your Celestial Calmness Department. This power and karmic luck will definitely be enormous, and you might even be able to directly cultivate to the God Realm, Saint Realm, or even Celestial Realm.

What a wishful thinking you have. If I were to argue with you like this, it would be like talking to a supreme Buddha. You could even convince a Heavenly Demon to convert. "

At this time, Gu Chensha's debate and bewitchment had already begun to show some of the flair of an ancient Buddha.

"There's one more thing. Lord Xing Qiongshi, with the help of our Celestial Calmness Department, you might not perish. If you fuse with the Central Plains and fail to comprehend the Divine Prefecture's 100 layers of Six Paths, then you will naturally perish. However, our Celestial Calmness Department and the Imperial Court will worship and worship you as a hero who saved the Central Plains.

If even the Dharma Saint can be resurrected, then given your cultivation base and the changes to the Heavenly Daos, anything can happen. In addition, my cultivation base will explode at that time, and I might even be a Celestial Realm. Wouldn't resurrecting you be a piece of cake? "

Gu Chensha continued, "Even if you resurrect with just a sliver of your will and no longer have any cultivation base, with the experience of fusing with the Central Plains, you might be able to truly comprehend the Heavenly Origin realm. At that time, wouldn't killing the three Celestial Realms be a piece of cake?

If we don't do this, then Xing Qiongshi, I can say that you will never be able to kill the three Celestial Realms in your entire life. In fact, you might even be killed and refined by the three Celestial Realms, adding new hatred to your old enmity.

The three Celestial Realms might have all reached the Celestial Life realm, and they have all cultivated dimensional realms. As for your current location, it was Dou Yiyu who told me.

From this, it can be seen that your every move is within the grasp of the three Celestial Realms. You are currently in extreme danger, and if the three Celestial Realms succeed in their plans for the Grandmist Tree, then it will be your doomsday. " Xing Qiongshi was still thinking.

Gu Chensha continued, "In truth, don't look at how Wan Senshi is flaunting his seniority and is indeed the senior of the three Celestial Realms. However, with the strength of the three Celestial Realms, it is likely that they have caught up to him later on. It is just that they are too busy or are deliberately acting weak. I can say with certainty that if Wan Senshi and the three Celestial Realms oppose each other, then in the future, Wan Senshi will definitely be exterminated by the three Celestial Realms. There will be no chance of him surviving. The same goes for you.

So if you cooperate with us, you will have a hundred advantages and no disadvantages. Let's first deal with Wan Senshi and build trust between us. Then we can execute our grand plan. " ...