Chapter 538
===========

"If I can think of a way to use the Buddha statue's Spacetime Key to communicate with the power of the golden island and inject it into the World's Burial Coffin, we'll probably be able to reduce thousands of years of cultivation." Gu Chensha calculated in his heart.

Now, Xing Qianxiong was working with Jiang Qi to make the final preparations. The altar was already built.

These two experts had killed countless terrifying demons in the Demon Domain and delayed the outbreak of the Demon Disaster. They had helped the Calming Immortal Department a lot.

Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya had set up a trap in Xing Qianxiong's body. However, there was nothing in the world that was foolproof. If it was just Xing Qianxiong and Jiang Qi's arrangement, then there was nothing to worry about. However, there was still the Xing Qiong Clan behind them.

This person had activated the Hundred Divine Prefecture Great Arts. Even without revealing his true body, he had almost destroyed the Martial Saint's Paradise. The might of the nine Gods, Martial Monarchs, and even the Martial Saint's Will was still vivid in his mind.

Gu Chensha believed that if it wasn't for the power left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor to suppress the Divine Prefecture Great Arts and allow the Xing Qiong Clan to completely activate the Hundred Divine Prefecture Great Arts, everything about the Wu Clan would have been completely wiped out.

With a single punch, this clan that had existed for seven or eight thousand years would have vanished. Their Minor Chiliocosm would have been shattered and turned into dust. The Martial Saint's Will, King Wu Yu, the nine Gods, and Martial Monarchs were all paper. Only Wu Dangkong, who was hiding in the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar, could escape this calamity.

That attack had allowed Gu Chensha to truly see the supreme might of the Xing Qiong Clan as the ancient Divine Prefecture's number one fierce beast. If the Wu Clan had been replaced with the Legalism Sect, the outcome would have been the same. Hence, even the Calming Immortal Department's Minor Chiliocosm wasn't very stable.

"It seems like I still have to plot everywhere to strengthen the Minor Chiliocosm's power and even think of a way to meet that Immortal Master?" Gu Chensha still had many things to do. Just as he was plotting. In the Savage Land, there was still no developed land. There were barbarian tribes everywhere, as well as newly built temples.

The Barbarians had been forced to retreat by the Yongchō. They had retreated hundreds of thousands of miles and lost a large number of their tribes. This was the worst defeat the Barbarians had suffered since ancient times. Since ancient times, even the most brilliant emperors could only defeat the main force of the Barbarians outside the borders of the Divine Continent, but they did not dare to pursue them deep into the Wilderness. As long as they recuperated, the Barbarians could make a comeback and invade the Divine Continent.

Unfortunately, it was different this time. The Heavenly Talisman Great Monarch first built the Great Wall of Stone to stabilize the foundation of the divine continent. Then, with a thunderous momentum, he sealed the evil gods and barbarian saints of the barbarian race, causing all the high-end combat forces to disappear. In this way, the rise of the Calming Immortal Department caused the barbarian race to be unable to retaliate. The demons, along with the barbarians, were also dispirited.

For example, the Ape Tribe had lost their Tribe Leader and the ten Battle Monarchs. The Myriad Demon Human Transformation Diagram, a connate treasure, had also been taken away. The three Divine Apes had to swallow their anger. However, in the depths of the Wildlands, there were many figures of the Devil Race. It seemed that the Devil Race and the Barbarians had joined forces.

On the peak of an extremely high mountain, a middle-aged man and a thirteen or fourteen-year-old child were observing the overall fate and layout of the Barbarians.

At this time, the thirteen or fourteen-year-old child pointed below and said, "Master, the Devil Race and the Devil Race have communicated. They seem to be preparing for a counterattack." This child was the son of the Gu Xuansha Crown Prince, Gu Changjian.

Gu Changjian's Master was naturally the recently returned Dharma Saint, whose power shook the ancient times.

At this time, the Dharma Saint was wearing a brocade robe. He looked like a knowledgeable Confucian. No one could tell that this person was actually the head of the many saints of the ancient human race. The school of Legalism that he founded had occupied the first position in the world. Its position had never been shaken, just like the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth in the Immortal Dao.

"Do you think the Devil Race and Barbarian Race's counterattack will have any effect?" asked the Dharma Saint, as if he was testing Gu Changjian.

"Disciple, I'm afraid that they will return empty-handed. Many of the Evil Gods are still sealed, such as the Chaotic Demonic Ape, the Sun Devouring Bashe, the Hell Serpent, the Barbarian Saint, and even the Maha God. They are all completely imprisoned in unknown places. Without the support of these True Gods, the Barbarians are like flowers in a mirror and the moon in the water. It will be difficult for them to even survive in the Wildlands."

Gu Changjian pointed at the endless Barbarian Empire and the Devil Race in the distant mountains. "The foundation of the Barbarians is that everyone can kill prey and offer sacrifices to the Evil Gods to obtain power. With their strong physiques, they can resist the climate of the Wildlands. But now, no matter how many prey the Barbarians kill, they can't get a response from the Evil Gods. Their physiques are weak, and they aren't good at medicine or manufacturing. Even if the imperial army doesn't encircle them, they will still be unable to adapt to the conditions of the Wildlands. But now, the entire Yongchō is changing with each passing day. " "Then are you willing to lead these Barbarians to prosperity?" The Dharma Saint asked Gu Changjian. Gu Changjian was shocked. "Master, how can I lead these Barbarians?" "I will support you."

The Dharma Saint pointed at the vast Wildlands, the mountains, the rivers, and the earth. "The Barbarian Tribes are endless, scattered in the depths of the Wildlands. If you want to add all of them together, their population is much higher than the Yongchō. Among them, there is no lack of outstanding figures. If you can gather all these Barbarians, integrate them, and rule them, you will be able to obtain the blessing of the Heavens and Earth, and become a great empire. Your cultivation will then truly improve, and that mysterious bloodline in your body will be stimulated."

"This is too difficult. It's like rebuilding the rivers and mountains. This disciple doesn't have such great ambitions, but since Master supports this disciple, this disciple will do it!" Gu Changjian finally made up his mind.

"Very well, I will use my magic power to disguise you as a Barbarian."

The Dharma Saint said, "You can also communicate with me at all times. With my support, you will defeat your enemies one by one, and establish a brand new order among the Barbarians, establishing the prestige of my school of Legalism." "Yes, this disciple will definitely do that."

Gu Changjian didn't dare to go against the Dharma Saint. He knew that although the Dharma Saint had accepted him as a disciple, he was actually making use of him. If he didn't agree, he was afraid that the outcome would be very ugly.

This also showed that the Dharma Saint had taken a fancy to the Barbarians, and wanted to establish order and laws among them. Then, all these Barbarians would worship the Dharma Saint. Then, how powerful would the Dharma Saint be? This was the grand scheme of the Dharma Saint. And only he could do it.

"Great plan, Lord Dharma Saint." At that moment, a voice rang out. It appeared on the mountain peak, but no one could be seen.

The Dharma Saint frowned slightly, then relaxed. "So it's the successor of the Immortal Master. Come on out."

As he said that, a woman suddenly appeared. This woman seemed to be in her twenties, and she wore a pure white dress. She walked with the wind, like a fairy in the clouds. After the woman appeared, she bowed slightly. "I'm Gu Huansha. Greetings, Lord Dharma Saint." "Gu Huansha!" Gu Changjian said fiercely. "There's no such person in our royal family."

The Dharma Saint stopped Gu Changjian from speaking, then nodded. "Very good. Seems like you're the daughter of the Immortal Master and Gu Taxian?

Recently, the Celestial Designer Institute has been accumulating in the dark, and their style has changed. The things they produce have a taste of the prehistoric civilization. Was it because of you?

You snuck into the Celestial Designer Institute. Seems like the two little fellows from the demonic path, Ghost Axe and Spirit Craftsman, have joined you? "

Ghost Axe and Spirit Craftsman were the master of the Demonic Taoist Ancestor. They were old antiques. However, in the mouth of the Dharma Saint, they were naturally little fellows.

"Lord Dharma Saint is indeed an ancient saint. Moreover, he was reborn after a calamity and cultivated the Nine True Dragon Technique, which is the closest to the Heavenly Dao Technique. If it wasn't for the fact that the last level has not been perfected, I'm afraid his current strength is comparable to any of the three Celestial Masters." Gu Huansha wasn't afraid of the power of the Dharma Saint.

The Dharma Saint seemed to be extremely afraid of the Immortal Master. "The Immortal Master is an existence that the three Celestial Masters can't do anything about. He has existed since ancient times. Even the God Maha could become the king of the evil gods and the master of all gods because of the Immortal Master's support. Otherwise, the God Maha wouldn't have been able to spread his might across countless demonic territories. I didn't expect that the Immortal Master actually has fate with that Gu Taxian. " "This is an old matter. Lord Dharma Saint doesn't need to pry into other people's privacy."

Gu Huansha was slightly surprised. "It seems like the Dharma Saint intends to support this little fellow to become the Master of the Wildlands? Obtain the supreme fate from the unseen world?

Since ancient times, no one has been able to truly unify the many barbarian tribes in the Wildlands. Even that Barbarian Saint was only able to educate them. He's still lacking a little in order to unify the barbarian tribes and become the Master of the Wildlands. The position of the Master of the Wildlands has been vacant for a long time. Rumor has it that as long as one becomes the Master of the Wildlands, all the barbarians will submit to him. Then, they will perform a sacrifice and receive the supreme fate from the depths of the Wildlands Continent. It seems like the Dharma Saint wants to rely on this to use all his Law Realms to accommodate the Wildlands Continent. In the end, all the Law Realms will have the hope to advance into the Boundless World. "

"It seems like nothing can be hidden from the Immortal Master!" The Dharma Saint said. "It seems like the Immortal Master also has his eyes on this Wildlands Continent?

However, if he wants to separate this vast and boundless Wildlands from the Land of Infinity and include all the fate veins of the earth that have existed since ancient times, it will not be easy. Even becoming the Master of the Wildlands is not an easy thing to do. "

"If you can separate my father's bloodline and use it as a sacrifice, I'm afraid the problem will be solved easily. That's why the Dharma Saint has taken this little fellow as his disciple. However, why don't you care about Gufa Sha's son or himself? Gufa Sha also has the bloodline of your Legalism.

With the Dharma Saint's realm, you wouldn't be reluctant to give up such a descendant, right? "Gu Huansha did not understand the Dharma Saint's actions.

"I have my own plans for this matter."

The Dharma Saint put his hands behind his back. "Accommodating the Wildlands is my plan. Did the Immortal Master send you here to ruin my great plan?

Since that's the case, although I'm not talented, I still want to fight with the Immortal Master and compete. " "The Dharma Saint has misjudged my mother.

My mother doesn't care about this Wildlands Continent. She doesn't even want to compete with the Divine Continent, "Gu Huansha said.

"Then what does the Immortal Master want?" The Dharma Saint was confused.