Chapter 687
===========

In order to nurture Longevity God, Dharma Saint had poured his vitality and the power of Wu Dangkong's Sacrificial Talisman into Longevity God's body, but he did not expect that Gu Chensha and Longevity God had already become one, and most of his power was absorbed by Longevity God.

Now that Longevity God had obtained three True God Thrones, coupled with the accumulation of the Heavenly Demon Tree, and the help of Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong, his cultivation speed immediately increased, surpassing the cultivation of others by thousands of years. Between the shock and the explosion.

Suddenly, a small chiliocosm was born and instantly filled the air. Finally, Longevity God cultivated his own small chiliocosm. Once a Minor Chiliocosm was formed, its might would be unparalleled and invincible.

Longevity God felt like his realm was about to break through and reach the Dao Realm 34 Transformation Controlling Fate. It was even still rising and he might break through to the 35th Transformation Chaotic Dust Realm.

"I didn't expect that one day, I would be able to cultivate a Minor Thousand World." Even if Longevity Immortal knew that he could cultivate to this realm, he was still a little excited.

In the Profound Gate of the Immortal Dao, he had fought with Daoist Luan his entire life. He wanted to see who could refine a Minor Thousand World and be qualified to become one of the Primordial Seventy-Two Profound Gates. Now that his wish had finally been fulfilled, he couldn't help but feel as if his wish had come true.

Moreover, his Minor Chiliocosm was protected by three True God Thrones. It was filled with the qi of fortune, fortune, and longevity. It was much stronger than an ordinary Minor Chiliocosm.

"Not bad, I've finally cultivated a small chiliocosm."

The Dharma Saint exclaimed in admiration, "Your Minor Chiliocosm is so sturdy that even among the 72 Ancient Mysterious Gates, very few people can match it." "Many thanks to Lord Dharma Saint." Longevity God immediately said.

"Next, let's take out the treasures we've prepared."

The Dharma Saint said to Wu Dangkong, "After we take out the treasures, we can use Wu Dangkong's Son of Heaven Investiture Art and Sun and Moon Shine Together to fuse these treasures. Then, we can take human form and release the aura of the Lord of the Sun and Moon. We won't have to worry about Gouchen not taking the bait."

While speaking, Wu Dangkong waved his hand, and suddenly, many sparkling treasures flew into the depths of Longevity God's Minor Thousand World.

Among the treasures were enormous ores that contained the quintessence of the sun and moon. There were also spatial fluctuations deep within them.

"This is a Sun Moon Gem!" Longevity God was shocked.

He knew that the Sun and Moon Gemstones were the crystallization from the deepest depths. They were minerals condensed from the essence of the Sun and Moon. Only after billions of years of condensation could they be born. This kind of age had already far exceeded the lifespan of gods and saints. Even true gods could not compare.

Of course, these Sun and Moon Gems were very rare. The older the Sun and Moon Gem, the more essence of the sun and moon it contained. Even if each Sun and Moon Gem was only the size of a soybean, it could destroy inner demons, expel evil, control one's spirit, and communicate with the sun and moon, giving cultivators a divine radiance. In the Profound Immortal Dao, the Sun Moon Gem was extremely precious. But now, what the Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong took out was simply a small mountain. In addition, a lot of materials were also taken out.

"The Fruit of Great Radiance is an Innate Spirit Object! The fruits of the Hongmeng Tree. "

Longevity God became more and more amazed, "There is also Yin Yang Limitless Grass, Nine Searing Profound Spirit Sand, Time Spirit, Time Rainbow …" "These are all supreme treasures related to the sun and moon."

The Dharma Saint did not think much of it, "Some things are rare, but compared to the Sun and Moon Lord, they are still far from it."

Many materials gathered in the Minor Thousand World. Then, Wu Dangkong used the Son of Heaven Sealing God Technique.

Intense light of the sun and moon appeared, refining these materials and injecting their spirituality.

Gradually, all the materials melted and formed a human figure. His body released the light of the sun and moon, and the aura of the Sun and Moon Lord was faintly discernible.

"Without the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, it would be impossible to imitate the aura of the Sun and Moon Lord," said the Dharma Saint.

"Of course. If this Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman can fully activate its power, it can suppress a powerful existence like Wan Senshi. Unfortunately, I can only activate a thousandth of its power. But even so, Celestial Venerables cannot do anything to me," said Wu Dangkong, "Next, we will set up a trap and let the North Star Country descend again?"

"Yes, the North Star Country is also carrying out many plans, but I have already seen it clearly," said the Dharma Saint, "The Sun and Moon Lord is fatally attractive to the North Star Country. We are not worried that he will not take the bait.

Of course, we still have to refine the Longevity God. The stronger his cultivation, the better our plan will be. At the very least, when the North Star descends, this small chiliocosm will be able to completely seal him. "

"Unfortunately, my cultivation is still too low, or else I can use the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman to suppress the North Star Country."

With Wu Dangkong's current cultivation, he could not clearly see what realm she had reached. However, Gu Chensha reckoned that she had not reached the 30th Transformation. It was possible that she was already at the 29th Transformation and had comprehended the Chaos Realm, just like him.

This was because it was very difficult for those who cultivated the Son of Heaven's God Investiture Art to reach the God level. But if they succeeded, the rewards would be huge.

Of course, even if Wu Dangkong reached the peak of the 36th Transformation, Gu Chensha did not care. In his opinion, Wu Dangkong was a failure who had been tricked by him time and time again. If it was not for the Dharma Saint's help, he would have been in an extremely miserable state.

Only the Dharma Saint was a formidable opponent. He had ascended to a Minor Thousand World, and even Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master had been kept in the dark.

When faced with the Dharma Saint's ascension to a Minor Thousand World, even Gu Chensha could not help but give a thumbs up and express his admiration. This was because the Dharma Saint had kept even him in the dark. This art of crossing the sea by deception had reached an inconceivable level.

"Your Highness, they really imitated the aura of the Sun-Moon Lord and deceived the North Star Nation. What benefits can I obtain from this?

I feel that if the North Star Nation descends, my Minor Thousand World may not be able to resist it, "said Longevity God.

"That's natural. The Dharma Saint does not want to cultivate you. He wants to plunder your destiny and give it to Fa Wuxian. She definitely believes in legalism and will not believe in you. To a certain extent, he is also very afraid of you. After all, if you do not die under the attack of the North Star Nation, you will definitely have the hope of becoming an Empyrean. Don't look at the high-sounding words of the Dharma Saint. In fact, he will not let you truly grow.

"If I didn't guess wrong, the Dharma Saint's idea is to graft your destiny and turn it into a doppelganger of Fa Wuxian. In this way, you will not have any chance to turn things around, "said Gu Chensha.

"Since Your Highness said so, then there must be a way." Longevity God was very relieved.

"You don't have to worry. My true body has already fused with you and is circulating mysteriously. Even the North Star Nation cannot break it. When the time comes, just try to absorb the source of the North Star Nation's Empyrean Realm."

Gu Chensha was very calm. "The North Star Nation's main body is very rare. Even if we tear off one-third of its source, we can return to the Minor Thousand World and create a brand new North Star Nation.

Of course, it is best to completely suppress the North Star Nation. Firstly, there will be no future trouble. Secondly, we will truly obtain a Empyrean Demon Progenitor. "

"I feel that the destiny of the Celestial Tranquility Department has increased by another 30%. It has given me a lot of power."

Longevity God circulated once more. His grasp of the Dao of Destiny was even more exquisite. "Is that because of Your Highness' advancement, the Common People's Marshals have also improved and reached the 29 Changes of Chaos Realm?

Each Common People's Marshal has gone through many changes, causing their ability to suppress the world to greatly increase. After the Imperial Court's control increased, some demons and monsters wouldn't dare to act recklessly. "

"Not bad, the Common People's Marshal has also advanced and reached the 29 Changes of Dao Realm to comprehend Chaos. Actually, the most important thing about this realm is to absorb the power of Chaos from the void and start to form all sorts of matter. Although it is impossible to create things out of nothing and turn them into many treasures, it is very beneficial for creating mountains and rivers, increasing spiritual energy, nurturing spiritual herbs, and nurturing talents. This is not all. Each time the Common People's Marshal increases by a realm, their intelligence and calculation abilities will also increase. They will be able to help the governors do more things.

"There is also another point which is the power of deterrence. Now, everyone in the world knows that the Common People's Marshal is closely related to me and basically represents my realm. Even if they have the ability to suppress the Common People's Marshal, if they are afraid that I will break through to God Realm, then his strength will increase by more than 10 times. So, at this juncture, they won't dare to act recklessly."

Gu Chensha saw it clearly. After reaching the 29 Changes and comprehending Chaos, the most important thing was the power of deterrence. That was the power of being able to break through to God Realm at any moment. Drawing a bow without firing it was the most terrifying thing.

For example, if Wan Senshi wanted to attack the Calming Celestial Department, then he would have to calculate the changes of Gu Chensha suddenly breaking through to God Realm. If that was the case, then he wouldn't have much confidence.

Many of the big shots already knew that Gu Chensha had cultivated the Heavenly Dao Laws. With the quality of his magic power, once he reached the God level, just how terrifying would that be? Not just that, but Gu Chensha had also grasped control of his dimensional realm. With the God level boundary and the power of the Heavenly Dao Laws, he could stimulate his dimensional realm and display a strength several times greater. At that time, it wouldn't be a problem for him to suppress Celestial Venerables.

With Wan Senshi's realm, he might be at a disadvantage in the battle with the Calming Celestial Department. Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong were still condensing.

Dharma Saint seemed to be throwing all kinds of rare magic treasures and materials into Longevity God's medium-sized world. The number of materials and magic treasures made Longevity God's heart jump. He couldn't help but say, "Lord Dharma Saint, I'm afraid that I can't bear your nurturing." "It's fine, I want to create you."

Dharma Saint's eyes flashed, "Moreover, we are dealing with North Star this time, and we can't let him have a chance to turn things around. The stronger you are, the better. I used the Heavenly Devil Race to force North Star to stop him from summoning his incarnation. Therefore, according to my calculations, he must use all his strength to seize the Sun Moon Lord that we created.

At that time, it will be his death, and also your greatest difficulty and tribulation. Therefore, no matter how much preparation you make, it won't be too much. " ..... Dragon Talisman unknowingly reached 2 million words.

Everyone knows that since the end of the Emperor of the Cosmos, I basically didn't write any books for a year.

A large part of it was because the website fell into the hands of others. Those people didn't understand online literature, so they interfered indiscriminately, which made me disheartened. Moreover, after writing for more than 10 years, I was really tired. From Buddha Is Dao, Old Demon Black Mountain, The Romance of Dragon and Snake, Yang God, Eternal Life, Holy King, Emperor of the Cosmos, a total of 7 books, more than 20 million words. These 10 years of wind and rain, how many 10 years can a person's life have? Therefore, at that time, I prepared to change my life.

But later, I felt that I was really unwilling to give up just like that, so my team and I took back the website, and then I wrote Dragon Talisman again.

From the beginning of the Emperor of the Cosmos, the main characters of my books have changed a style, which everyone must have noticed.

In the previous books, whether it was the main character of Buddha Is Dao, Zhou Qing, the main character of Old Demon Black Mountain, Wang Zhong, the main character of The Romance of Dragon and Snake, Yang God Hong Yi, Eternal Life Fang Han, Holy King Yang Qi.

These people all showed off their abilities, flying freely like peerless swords, cutting through the waterfall of life and death.

However, the main character of the Emperor of the Cosmos, Jiang Li, was more peaceful, and the plot of the book also became more ordinary. There weren't any exciting words like before.

In this Dragon Talisman, the main character Gu Chensha didn't have the clear-cut killing style of the previous main characters.

The changes in these two books surprised me. The biggest reason was that I was getting older, and my character had become more peaceful. Therefore, whether it was the main character's character or the plot of the book, they all became more ordinary. My life was ordinary, and my writing was ordinary.

Just when I thought that my writing and life were going to be ordinary, the previous person in charge of the Divine Arms Battalion, the Emperor of the Cosmos' Billion Guildmaster, came to find me.

He told me, "Shen Ji, you haven't shown your face in front of the old brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion for a long time. Everyone is still reading your book, waiting for you to speak.

The old brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion haven't dispersed, and the seventy-two guilds are still here. The book can be stopped, but the brothers can't be separated. " When I heard that, I felt my heart skip a beat. I almost felt tears welling up in my eyes.

The hot-blooded feeling I had when I fought for eight consecutive monthly votes as Yang God and the fighting spirit of the Emperor of the Cosmos' Billion Guildmaster seemed to have returned to my body. No matter what, the brothers can't be separated.

Therefore, we started to act crazily. We started to contact the old brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion. With the help of Despicable Character, Xiaowu, and the other old hardcore fans, we built the Divine Arms Dojo. It was a place for the brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion to gather. Everyone could read and practice martial arts, and pursue the life of the Divine Arms Battalion. Our brothers from all over the world finally had a home to return to. All the readers who have read my book, Dreaming of Divine Armaments, are my brothers. As for the news about the Divine Arms Dojo, I will post it on my official WeChat account and Weibo.

Also, Despicable Character, Xiaowu, and the other old brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion will read and practice martial arts with us. They will direct and act on their own and take videos and pictures of the stories in and out of the book.

Readers of the Divine Arms Battalion, please contact Despicable Character and Xiaowu and join our big family.

For this reunion event, a few tycoons of the Divine Arms Battalion and the author's fan platform of the Orange Melon App have sponsored an iPhone 7, three gold coins, ten signed books, and 30 sets of Divine Arms Battalion's Tang suit.

All of them will be given to the brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion who have picked on the wrong people. This is our reward receiving group: {127066225}. There are Despicable Character and Xiaowu, as well as the tycoons who sponsored this event.

If you join the group, not only will you receive an iPhone 7 and gold coins, but you will also receive an invitation from the Divine Arms Dojo. You can come here and eat, drink, and have fun with us. You can also film the characters in the book. You can download the Orange Melon App to see the videos of my dojo. Because of the fate caused by the book, we are connected in reality.

From now on, we bid farewell to the plain and burn with passion and hot blood, both in and out of the book. Me! Dreaming of Divine Armaments. We are back. The Divine Arms Battalion is back.