Chapter 723
===========

"The situation is chaotic, I can't figure it out."

When Gu Chensha heard the Martial Sage's words, he let out a long sigh. He had only fought with Gu Tiansha twice. The first time, Gu Tiansha had the upper hand. The second time, Gu Chensha had gotten back at him. Now, it could be said that one had lost and one had won. Both sides were equally matched.

But it was because of this that he felt how terrifying Gu Tiansha was. His speed of improvement was probably above his. And he had huge potential. This was the kind of person he was wary of.

The reason he wasn't afraid of Immortal Master Wan was because this person had already reached the peak and had no more room for growth. The Heaven Longevity Realm was the limit that living beings could reach. To break through to the Heaven Primal Realm was simply impossible. As for Gu Chensha, he had room to improve.

As long as he reached God level, he would be able to gain the upper hand against Wan Senshi. If he became a Saint, he would be able to defeat Wan Senshi. If he became a Celestial Lord, then killing Wan Senshi wouldn't be a problem. Wan Senshi's current predicament was to stay where he was and wait for Gu Chensha to catch up.

But Gu Tiansha was different. He was probably at God level now, between 30 to 32 Dao Realm. He hadn't become a Saint yet and had huge room for growth.

More importantly, even if he was at God level, if he used the power of the Sun Moon Great Thousand World, no one in the world would be able to do anything to him.

"There's only one way to kill the Master of Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha."

Marquis Jushi said, "That is to gather the Endless 36 Treasures and use the power of the Heaven Realm to suppress him. No one is more suitable than Your Highness. Your Highness' Heavenly Dao Technique allows you to control the power of the Heaven Realm.

Right now, Gu Tiansha was still making use of the powers of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand. At the end of the day, the Sun and Moon Great Thousand were still the Sun and Moon of the Endless Mainland, and were merely a part of the Endless Mainland itself.

If we can obtain all thirty-six treasures, we'll be able to suppress Gu Tiansha and make him unable to use the power of the Great Thousand Suns and Moons. In that case, he'll be like a tiger with its claws and teeth chopped off. He'll no longer have the ability to do evil, and it'll all be up to King to deal with. As long as King devours this kid, I'm afraid that you'll be able to reach a height that no one has ever reached since ancient times. " "This is also the only way to deal with the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha."

The Martial Saint said, "Otherwise, this child will be the source of the chaos, the source of the chaos. Furthermore, there is no one who can restrain this child now. Even if the Dharma Saint, Wan Senshi, the Immortal Master, and the others join forces, they still can't do anything to him."

"Right now, he's relying on the power of the Sun-Moon Great Chiliocosm. If he can't use it, then that's easy. My Heaven-Dao magic is the only thing he has to worry about."

Gu Chensha said, "Actually, my greatest reliance now is the Paramita Golden Mountain and the Common People's Wish sphere, these two dimensional realms.

If I don't have the strength of these two dimensional realms, then the most I can do is stir up a storm. I won't be able to truly rule the world. "

"Your Highness, you still can't fully use the power of the Buddhist Sect's Paramita Golden Mountain. I'm afraid that the actual control is still in the hands of some hidden heavyweights of the Buddhist Sect. Those heavyweights may not be sincere in allying with us.

In the future, it's very likely that these heavyweights will turn against us. I think that Your Highness should be careful. It's best if you refine the Paramita Golden Mountain at the critical moment, "Marquis Dushi said.

"I've already made arrangements for this matter. Right now, I can only use about ten to twenty percent of the Paramita Golden Mountain's power, and I haven't even touched the core yet.

The core of the Paramita Golden Mountain is naturally controlled by many hidden heavyweights of the Buddhist Sect. After all, this is the foundation of the Buddhist Sect. But I reformed the Buddhist Sect's doctrines, causing the Buddhist Sect's civilization to fuse with our Yongchō civilization and develop a free and easy Zen culture. In this way, the Buddhist Sect's civilization has no choice but to follow our path. Otherwise, it will wither away and shrink once again.

"Last time, I obtained the complete inheritance of the Buddhist Sect's civilization. I know almost all of their cultivation methods, history, and experiences. This time, I'm combining with the Buddhist Sect. As the Zen culture develops, the Buddhist Sect can't do without me. This is an irreversible trend. Therefore, no matter what, the Buddhist Sect is basically tied to the chariot of our Calming Immortal Department.

Of course, no matter what, it's best to control one's own strength. I will eventually bring the Paramita Golden Mountain under my control. In addition, I will refine the World Tree into another existence, hanging all kinds of worlds on it. I can hold them in my hand and carry them with me. This is the most perfect way. But I'm afraid that I can only achieve this after I ascend to the Celestial Master level.

It's absolutely impossible for me to do that now. My top priority is to cultivate to the God Rank. Then, everything will be easy. "

"Your Highness has naturally calculated everything. Now that you have a card up your sleeve, I feel completely relieved."

Marquis Boulder said, "After my conversation with Your Highness, I should know where my calamity lies. Now that I have the Endless Stone to protect me and become one with the treasure, the truth is that if I want to escape, even an Empyrean might not be able to kill me. But if it's the Sun Moon Sovereign Gu Tiansha, then I will be in grave danger.

If Gu Tiansha is really an existence born from the entanglement of the Emperor and the Heavenly Dao, then he naturally knows that the 36 Endless Treasures pose an extremely great threat to him. Thus, he will think of all sorts of methods to collect the 36 Endless Treasures. Thus, to him, I am a target that he must suppress, kill, refine, and swallow. My calamity must also originate from him. "

"I understand. Contact the others and have the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises gather together. Then, bring them to my dimensional realm.

"Let's gather them first, which means that we have gathered 11 Boundless Treasures. Using my Heavenly Dao Magic, these Boundless Treasures will be able to unleash immense power. This is also a good thing. "Gu Chensha said.

"I will immediately take care of this." Marquis Boulder nodded.

Gu Chensha took out a dozen leaves. "Take these leaves, one for each person. If you encounter any danger, these leaves will automatically activate the strength of the world and protect you. At the same time, you will immediately be transported to the dimensional realm of the Common Life's Wish sphere." "Thank you, Your Highness." Marquis Boulder received the leaves.

"I never thought that visiting Marquis today would have such a harvest."

Gu Chensha said, "Sir Martial Sage and I will still need to travel around. Marquis, you must be careful. That Gu Tiansha has eaten a loss from me, so he will definitely retaliate. This sort of character is simply impossible to guard against."

If the Sun-Moon Ruler Gu Chensha learned from Gu Chensha in the past, it would be difficult to find him. Besides Gu Chensha using the Heavenly Dao Laws, no one else, not even Wan Senshi, would be able to find Gu Tiansha's whereabouts.

Of course, if Gu Tiansha wanted to learn from Gu Chensha in the past, he would also have a great deal of fear. First, there was the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's golden medallion within the Common Life's Wish sphere. This was his number one trump card. In addition, Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Laws could also reflect his figure. Thus, Gu Chensha decided to forget about such a risky matter. This person wouldn't do such a thing.

"I've collected all 36 Endless Treasures."

Gu Chensha pondered this question. Since this was the case, then he had to harvest Fa Wuxian and Jing Qiu.

Fa Wuxian was born in the Legalism School and was an innate saint from birth. He was already extraordinary and radiant. But because of the subsequent tribulations, many experts appeared and Fa Wusheng's radiance gradually dimmed. But as an important character in the grand era, Fa Wuxian was definitely not a benevolent character.

Now that there was a possibility that he was the reincarnation of the 36 Endless Treasures, it was time to harvest him.

Gu Chensha could tell that Fa Wuxian was a person like him. From the moment he came out until now, he was arrogant and untamed. He viewed all the heroes in the world as nothing. He almost felt that he was the unrivalled main character in the world and wouldn't tolerate the slightest grievance.

Once, Fa Wuxian even wanted to challenge the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian, believing that he was the only one worthy to rule the universe. But later on, he completely despaired. But his ambition was still there and it had already turned into an obsession. He wholeheartedly went against the Calming Immortal Bureau.

This kind of person couldn't be changed no matter what. The only way was to directly suppress and kill him.

As for Jing Qiu, he was even more terrifying than Fa Wuxian. He was calm, concealed, and had many tricks up his sleeves. If Fa Wuxian fought against him, even he would be at a disadvantage.

After getting Marquis Dashi to contact other people, Gu Chensha left the Shi Clan and continued to travel around the Divine Continent with the Martial Sage. After the Shi Prefecture was the Xian Prefecture.

"The Xian Prefecture is extremely vast. Since ancient times, it has been called a country, the Xian Dynasty Ancient Country."

The Martial Sage walked along the canal and observed the surrounding scenery. He discovered that the cities on both sides were flourishing and the buildings were getting taller and taller. Some of the tall buildings on the side of the canal actually had more than a hundred floors. They weren't made of wood but were made of steel mixed with stone and mud. There were also all kinds of huge glass. Under the sunlight, they were simply sparkling and translucent, like a paradise on earth. There were many such tall buildings.

The people's attire also started to change, from loose robes to tight and capable ones. Even the women were wearing more and more open clothes. Their clothes were also becoming more and more simple and close-fitting, very different from before. The times were changing.

Many ancient things were gradually fading away, and in their place was the arrival of a brand new era. This era started from the lowest level of the common people. It broke the traditions of tens of thousands of years and carried out a comprehensive reform in terms of clothing, food, housing, and transportation.

Although the country didn't experience any great changes or political fluctuations, the situation among the common people was changing with each passing day.

Even Gu Chensha felt that the Divine Continent of ten years ago and the Divine Continent of today were basically different. Back then, he had made his debut in the fourteenth year of the Heavenly Talisman. Now, it was already the thirty-third year of the Heavenly Talisman. It didn't seem like eighteen or eighteen years had passed, but rather, 180,000 years.

After carefully analyzing this change, the Martial Sage's heart gained a lot. It seemed like he was about to comprehend something, but that thing just didn't break through.

The Martial Sage wasn't in a hurry, and he didn't force himself to comprehend or break through. Instead, he continued to observe the world.

"The Xian Prefecture has been worshipping the Great Spirit God for generations. Even if the dynasty changes and the emperor changes, the Great Spirit God won't change. The faith of the Great Spirit God has existed since the Primordial Era.

It can be said that it has completely integrated with the local customs and practices of Xian Prefecture. "

The Martial Sage said, "But now, the local customs and practices of the entire Xian Prefecture no longer have the mark of the Great Spirit God." The mobile app was officially launched! One million free reading devices!

There were offline caching, recommendation, update alerts, and other functions so that you wouldn't waste data at any time! Please follow the official WeChat account to download the app. Anbenheji (Press and hold for three seconds to copy)