Chapter 316
===========

"We will use a secret technique here and use our souls to affect the demons to surge towards him. This is also to test his strength."

Gu Xuansha's hands formed a circle and formed a weird seal, "I thought that if we fought one on one, I would be able to capture and kill him in one move. Now, it seems like he still has a chance to escape." "This person is really cunning."

Wu Dangkong's tone was filled with hatred, "We can't let our guard down. Luckily, the situation is still under our control. He absorbed the Dao Realm 14 Transformation Demon Monster and the 18 Transformation Old Demon. He will definitely refine them into the Seven Colored Demon Vine. The vine will be even stronger and I will be able to use it."

"Once these two monsters are collected, even stronger demons will be alerted. The two of us need to be careful. If we face a demon above Dao Realm Transformation 20, it will be tough for us to escape." Gu Xuansha looked around and didn't dare to be careless.

"It is okay. Even if I face a demon saint, I will be fine."

While Wu Dangkong was speaking, Gu Xuansha was shocked. He only looked at the woman deeply and didn't say anything else. At this moment, Gu Chensha circulated his mystic technique to suppress the two devils.

He could easily suppress the Demon Emperor of the Fourteenth Transformation of the Dao Realm, but if the Dragon Gate was still there, he could easily crush him. But now the Dragon Gate was gone, and he had to use 30% of his power to protect the Upstanding Qi Shield, and 50% of his power to guard against emergencies. He could only use 20% of his power to suppress the Demon Emperor of the Eighteen Transformation of the Great Path, which was a bit too much for him to handle. But he had his own plan.

"Seven Colored Demon Vine, absorb!"

Behind his back, 28 streaks of starlight turned into a ball and wrapped the two demons within. In just a moment, the Dao Realm 14 Transformation Demon Noble was shattered and absorbed by the Seven Colored Vine.

The 18 Transformation Great Dao Demon Emperor turned his Xiantian Energy into a pagoda and wrapped himself within. No matter how Gu Chensha attacked, he couldn't do anything to it.

This was the Heavenly Devil Pagoda recorded in the Maha Suppression Scripture. Pagoda was the meaning of a pagoda.

However, the Maha Suppression Scripture that Gu Chensha obtained from Yi Ming didn't have the cultivation method of the Sky Devil Pagoda. There was only a brief introduction.

After mastering this Heavenly Devil Pagoda, one would be able to condense one's entire body's essence, energy, and spirit into a pagoda. It would be invincible when attacking and invincible when defending.

This was a top-notch technique that was not inferior to the many mystic techniques in the Heaven Demon Book.

It was absolutely impossible for Gu Chensha to break this pagoda with just twenty to thirty percent of his strength.

"Humph! So I can't do anything about it? "

He pointed at the yellow-skinned gourd condensed on the vine. At this moment, the gourd was frantically absorbing the blood essence and soul of the 14 transformation devil monster aristocrat through the vine. The seven-colored demonic vine was overflowing with colorful light, and it seemed to have become much stronger. The gourd even absorbed the noble's weapon. A boundless fiendish aura was brewing within it.

"Open! Kill! "

Gu Chensha chanted two incantations and the yellow-skinned gourd suddenly opened. A white light shot out from within and formed a flying knife.

This flying knife was just floating in the air. It was only the size of a thumb, but when the supreme killing energy spread out, the monsters outside instinctively shivered. Some of them actually screamed and started to flee. Puchi! The flying knife suddenly flashed like it had teleported and slashed onto the Sky Devil Pagoda.

The Sky Devil Pagoda formed by the 18 transformation Dao Realm Golden Core Great Dao Demon Emperor was sliced open in an instant. The Demon Emperor didn't even have time to scream before he was wiped out.

All the essence blood was absorbed. The Sky Devil Pagoda turned into runes and merged into the seven-colored demonic vine.

At that moment, the seven-colored demonic vine's color actually dimmed and was replaced by a dark gold color. This was the feeling of it evolving into the Touch of the Ghost God. Blood-Sucking Demon Vine, seven-colored demonic vine, Touch of the Ghost God, and Heaven Demon Tree. Each of these four stages of evolution would increase its strength by dozens of times.

Gu Chensha spent a full two to three months to evolve the Blood-Sucking Demon Vine into the seven-colored demonic vine. He absorbed hundreds of thousands of monsters and along with his own Sun and Moon Dragon Handle, he finally succeeded.

As the seven-colored demonic vine got stronger and stronger, the monsters it absorbed would get stronger and stronger and its evolution speed would get faster and faster.

Moreover, the seven-colored demonic vine that Gu Chensha refined was of a higher quality than any expert refined because he had the Sun and Moon Dragon Handle.

However, it was still too early for the seven-colored demonic vine to evolve into the Touch of the Ghost God. Right now, it just had the characteristics of the Touch of the Ghost God.

"This Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife is actually so strong."

Gu Chensha activated the flying knife, and with a flash, it destroyed an eighteen -transformation Jindan Devil Emperor. He was secretly delighted. But after activating the flying knife, he could only activate it again in seven days. This was because the flying knife hadn't been completely condensed. It was just an embryonic form. He needed to constantly absorb the essence blood and souls of fiends to refine it and nurture it to become more ferocious.

"Condense!"

Gu Chensha sensed the surging power within the seven-colored demonic vine, so he once again used the Heaven Demon Secret Art.

Immediately, seven fruits condensed on the demonic vine. Each fruit was as tall as a person and was blood-red like a placenta.

Some of the essence blood and souls that the demonic vine couldn't absorb before were converted and sent into the placenta.

Two hours later, the placenta ruptured, revealing seven young girls with sharp eyes and sharp claws. They leaped down from the trees, astral energy surging out of them as they charged to the edge of the shield and began to slaughter the devil beasts.

"The tree can actually bear people …" The Ximen brothers were currently recovering after consuming the Seven Coloured Origin Fruit. They felt that their cultivation had advanced once again, and when they saw this scene, they were greatly shocked.

"This is a Heart Stealing Demon Charm, a puppet formed by the Heaven Demon Tree. It is the best at fighting and also has a strong charm ability."

Gu Chensha said, "The Demonic Seven-Colored Vine has absorbed a lot of blood and souls. It's enough for it to evolve. Why don't you use the extra energy to make the tree produce these demonic spirits to help you in battle? The Heavenly Demon Tree's mysteries aren't limited to this. In a few months, I can use this tree to create good treasures for you." Gu Chensha's cultivation became purer and purer.

During the process of forming the Heaven Demon Tree, he started to understand some of the structure of the Hongmeng Tree. As he deduced, his body evolved once more.

If someone used their essence soul to look at him, they would notice that his meridians were different from humans. They were similar to the roots of a tree and were really mysterious.

During these few months of cultivation, it wasn't that Gu Chensha didn't improve. In fact, he improved a lot. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to use 20-30% of his strength to use 28 streaks of Star Light to suppress the 18 Transformation Dao Realm Golden Core Realm Demon Emperor.

Even if he was still at the 14 Transformation, his combat strength was two months ago. His body was just too strong.

As he deduced, he merged the two techniques once more. He used the structure of the Hongmeng Tree to change his body and even his brain and consciousness. He wanted to personally refine the Heaven Demon Tree to understand the changes of the Hongmeng Tree.

Peng peng peng … The seven-headed demon charms charged into the group of monsters. Along with the seven-colored demonic vine's vines, they caused a storm of blood. Thousands more devil beasts were instantly killed.

After absorbing the Fourteenth and Eighteenth Transformation Devil Beasts, the power and profoundness of the Rainbow Vine had increased by several times. Killing the Devil Beasts was as easy as cutting melons and vegetables.

However, there was no end to these monsters. No matter how many they killed, they still swarmed over. Their numbers didn't decrease in the slightest. Moreover, some low-level monsters no longer appeared. Instead, the number of monsters with Innate Stellar Energy gradually increased.

Gu Chensha was also shocked. He propped up his Stellar Energy shield and looked at the never-ending monsters outside. He knew that if he hadn't refined the Heavenly Demon Tree, which could condense Seven-Colored Origin Fruits to replenish his Stellar Energy and nourish his Nascent Soul, he would have long since abandoned his setup and fled.

If it was just these demons, he would not be afraid no matter how many came. The key was that he could feel that there were several extremely powerful and evil wills staring at him from the depths of the demonic plant. That feeling was far beyond that of a Golden Dan of the Great Path cultivator at the Eighteen Changes of the Dao Realm. It might even have reached the Twenty Changes of the Great Path. He might not even be able to defeat such demons one-on-one, let alone several of them. Fortunately, these evil and powerful demons were afraid of him and didn't dare to show themselves.

The demons seemed to have deep intelligence. They knew that this was the Great Yongchō's territory. The name of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had already spread to various dimensions. Many of the Alternate Worlds where the demons lived were terrified.

One had to know that even God Maha, who led many Hell Dimensions, had been suppressed. The demons of Hell must have more or less known many things.

Demon Emperors who could reach 18 Transformation Dao Realm and above would definitely be able to sense all sorts of changes in the world.

Gu Chensha took advantage of the apprehension of these peerless demons to gain space to grow and attract their firepower.

If he hadn't been killing monsters here for the past three months, many of them would have flown out to wreak havoc in the world. Marquis Calming Sea might not have been able to do better than him.

"As long as I can buy time, give me another three months, and I will be able to cultivate the Seven-Colored Demon Vine to the Touch of the Demon and God. At that time, I will have a 70-80% chance of suppressing the monsters. More importantly, in these three months, my cultivation can rise to an unbelievable level!" Gu Chensha had been suppressing his cultivation level for the past few days. This was his trump card.

Actually, if he had advanced, he could have stepped into the 15 Transformation "Heavenly Eye Suspending" realm in a month. But he hadn't stepped into it. He used a secret technique to suppress it. When it exploded, it would be earth-shattering.

The secret techniques he learned were all of the highest level in the world. Many of them could suppress one's cultivation level until it reached a critical point and exploded, dealing a fatal blow to the enemy.

For example, the Sun and Moon Transformation of the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art, and some secret techniques of the Great God Slaughtering Art.

If he had another three months, his accumulation would reach the peak. Then, he could learn from Zhuge Ya and directly increase a few levels.