Chapter 652
===========

Gu Chensha hadn't been able to gain the slightest advantage in this exchange of words with Dou Yiyu. This was the most exhausting confrontation he had ever had.

Dou Yiyu was indeed terrifying. Forget about everything else, she actually had fate with the Immortal Killing God Punishing Gourd, able to activate the gourd's power. Just talking about it, it was already enough to make Empyreans shrink back.

If she really ascended to the Heavenly Lord Realm, she would probably be much more powerful than the Dharma Saint.

Now, it seemed like she was telling the truth when she said that even Chang Weiyang wasn't a match for her. With the help of this gourd, she could shatter all things into primal chaos. Anyone below the Empyrean Realm would definitely be killed. Even Empyreans would find it hard to escape death.

This gourd was definitely number one in terms of destruction and killing. No one could compare to it. Even the current Hong Meng Tree could not condense an identical gourd.

This gourd was condensed by chance when the Primordial Chaos Tree absorbed the destructive primordial energy of the Primal Chaos Explosion. There was only one of it in the world. The gourd was ranked first among Connate Numinous Treasures.

Of course, apart from the Prehistoric Dragon Gate, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, and the Primordial Tree, these three were no longer treasures. Instead, they were some sort of the most powerful key to heaven and earth.

In fact, Gu Chensha really wanted to get his hands on this treasure of Dou Yiyu. If he could get his hands on the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd, he was confident that with the help of the gourd's killing power, he could break through all kinds of taboos and slash through thousands of restraints, allowing him to break through to the next stage.

In fact, he had obtained the memories of Jiang Gongwang, Chang Yuzhou, the Dharma Saint, and the other big shots. Therefore, he had a deep understanding of how to raise his cultivation and make breakthroughs step by step.

Gu Chensha engraved these people's profound understanding of breaking through to the next realm step by step from the time they were at their weakest. Then, he used his own understanding to calculate.

Therefore, Gu Chensha was not completely clueless about breaking through to the next realm. In fact, he was very familiar with it. He had simulated the state of breaking through countless times.

He had a deep understanding of how to break through a Divergent. Chang Weiyang had also done an exchange with him and passed on her experience to him.

Of course, Chang Weiyang herself also benefited greatly. In her transactions with Calm Immortal Sector, her gains were great, she only profited and not lost anything.

This was also the reason why she did not let go of the Calm Immortal Department. Apart from this, she also wanted to borrow Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Technique to revive Chang Yuzhou.

If they could revive Chang Yuzhou, the overall strength of the Mystic Cosmos Sect would rise to another level. In the future, there would be some hope of survival. Sou sou! The two figures landed in a courtyard at the corner of the Imperial City.

The weeds in the courtyard were already as tall as a person, and there were spider webs everywhere. There were also pheasants, foxes, badgers, rabbits, snakes, rats, ants, and other animals scurrying about in the grass. This place had not been repaired and had been abandoned for more than ten years. Everywhere was a dilapidated and decadent scene.

This was the courtyard that Gu Chensha had lived in back then. Dou Nineteen had come here to divine for a while, but to no avail. Now, he and Dou Yiyu had come here again.

"Let's discuss here. This is my old residence."

Gu Chensha looked at the dilapidated scene in the courtyard and shook his head slightly. With a wave of his hand, the weeds here disappeared. The animals in the weeds were sent to the forest outside. The entire courtyard was replaced by a clean and tidy one. The ground was made of jade, green and crystalline. It was simple and elegant. Even the bricks and tiles in the courtyard had changed into high-quality green jade. In an instant, the dilapidated and dilapidated courtyard had become an immortal's residence.

"The Heavenly Dao Technique is indeed powerful. It never retreats and turns mud, bricks, wood, and stones into jade. Although I can do this easily, it is only maintained by magic power. When I retract my magic power, I will still revert to my original form."

Dou Yiyu's eyes brightened. "And after you change, even if you retract your magic power, these things will still be fixed. This is the miraculous creation of the Heavenly Dao." "Sit."

Gu Chensha pointed at the ground in the courtyard. Instantly, a green jade substance surged up and transformed into a table and chair. After he sat down, tea appeared out of nowhere. The tea leaves were colorful and dazzling. "These tea leaves are grown in our world. Have a taste. What do you think about the taste?" "I'm not in the mood to drink tea."

Dou Yiyu refused, allowing Gu Chensha to drink by himself. She knew that Gu Chensha was crafty and cunning. He could use ancient curses, and he had the support of a dimensional realm behind him. In addition to that, there was no telling what other crafty plots he had up his sleeve.

Most importantly, Gu Chensha had obtained the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. Who knew what strange things the sacrificial talisman had produced?

Seeing Dou Yiyu refuse his tea, Gu Chensha relaxed. His tea leaves really did have some tricks up their sleeves. They were made from the leaves of the Myriad Immortal World's minor world tree, combined with his own insights, his cultivation of the Heavenly Dao Technique, and the power of a dimensional realm. All of these things were even more mysterious and unfathomable. They could mysteriously transfer destiny.

His understanding of the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman even surpassed that of Wan Senshi. After all, he was someone who had obtained the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, and now he could get half of the profits.

It could be said that each tea leaf he gave Dou Yiyu was equivalent to a small Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman.

If Dou Yiyu drank it, even if she couldn't shake this person's destiny, she could at least learn many of her secrets through the feedback of the tea leaves. This could be considered a brazen test.

Since Dou Yiyu didn't dare to accept it, Gu Chensha felt much more at ease. This showed that Dou Yiyu hadn't truly reached an unfathomable realm. If Dou Yiyu really did drink the tea as if nothing had happened, then Gu Chensha wouldn't even want to fight with her here. He would simply turn around and leave, waiting for his own breakthrough before he could come back for revenge.

The fact that this woman could drink the tea without being affected meant that her cultivation base had truly surpassed Gu Chensha's imagination.

Don't underestimate the small tea leaves that Gu Chensha had taken out. They were condensed from the essence of the Celestial Tranquility Master's entire life, and could be considered Gu Chensha's strongest test. Before he knew it, Gu Chensha had already made his move. But Dou Yiyu didn't receive it.

Of course, it was also possible that Dou Yiyu was deliberately showing weakness in order to give Gu Chensha a false impression.

"Miss Yiyu, it's a pity that you don't drink this tea."

Gu Chensha took a sip himself. "This tea is made from Wan Senshi's Dao-Seeking Diagram and the Minor World Tree. I've also obtained a lot of enlightenment, as well as the Dao of Destiny. It also contains the fundamental mysteries of the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. If an ordinary person drinks it, their destiny will greatly increase, and they can get rid of misfortune and increase their longevity. Of course, this is nothing to Miss Yiyu. But don't you want to know my secret? All my secrets are contained in this cup of tea. " "Good move," Dou Yiyu said.

"If I had cultivated to the Celestial Master level, I naturally wouldn't care about this cup of tea of yours. But now, I still have to be careful. Since you've made it so clear, I might as well say it directly. I'm not completely confident that I can deal with the Celestial Tranquility Master, so this is the basis of our cooperation. Since neither of us can do anything to the other, our cooperation is equal.

I've always been a person who prioritizes benefits above all else. Even if we're enemies, as long as there are benefits, we can cooperate. My proposal just now is to use the Three Realms Transcendence Technique in exchange for the Dharma Saint's secret of resisting the Heavenly Dao's call and being reborn. Are you willing? If you can't even agree to such a small cooperation, it would be a lack of sincerity.

If you obtain the Three Realms Transcendence Technique, it won't be very useful to you, but it will be very useful to Chang Weiyang. "

"Chang Weiyang doesn't need the Three Realms Transcendence Technique to ascend to the Celestial Master level."

Gu Chensha was very confident. His words were resolute and decisive. "I think Miss Yiyu is worrying too much. If I didn't really have a way to ascend to the Celestial Master level, why would I make a deal with you?"

As he spoke, a golden token appeared in his hand. This golden token had the words "Just as I Came Personally" written on it. It displayed a majestic might that could shake the heavens. Even the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd, which could cut through everything and turn everything into primordial chaos, seemed a little lacking in confidence in front of this golden token.

When Dou Yiyu saw this golden token, a complex expression appeared on his face. In truth, if it weren't for this golden token, the Tranquil Immortal Department would have been attacked by many major powers.

This golden token was their greatest trump card. It was even more terrifying than the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd.

Even the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, and the Primordial Mist Tree couldn't compare to this mysterious golden token. Many of the old-timers were well aware of this.

"Then are you not willing to use the Dharma Saint's Heavenly Dao Resistance Art to exchange for my Three Realms Transcendence Technique?" Dou Yiyu asked again.

The golden token in Gu Chensha's hand disappeared. It seemed to be a projection. He clapped his hands and said, "Third Sister, the Transcendence Technique isn't very useful to me. We don't need it. I think the Dharma Saint's Heavenly Dao Resistance Art can be exchanged for something else." "Then what do you want?" Dou Yiyu stared at Gu Chensha as if he could see through him.

"I want the three Empyreans to perceive the Primordial Mist Tree."

Gu Chensha bluntly said, "You should also know that I transformed a tiny Bloodsucking Demon Vine seed into a seven-colored demon vine, the Touch of God and Ghost, the Heavenly Fey Tree, the Tree of Hope, and now the World Tree. All of these things are based on perceiving the changes of the Primordial Mist Tree. However, the Primordial Mist Tree I understand comes from the memories of many masters. I haven't seen the Primordial Mist Tree with my own eyes, nor do I understand its mysteries. The Primordial Mist Tree doesn't exist in the same space-time dimension as us. I can use the abilities of a dimensional realm to go there, but I don't have enough time.

Furthermore, the Primordial Meng Tree was very difficult to comprehend. Even if one were to see it, it would not be something that could be done in a day or two.

The three Empyreans have been plotting against the Primordial Mist Tree for many years and their comprehension of the tree is no trifling matter. I fear that their comprehension far surpasses that of any giant. If I can obtain these comprehensions, my World Tree will take another step forward and my cultivation will also reach the peak. Miss Yiyu, what do you think? "