Chapter 698
===========

Gu Chensha's current cultivation was simply earth-shaking. He was just a bit away from perceiving the mysteries of the god level. Once he reached the god level, his cultivation would rise by leaps and bounds and he would be able to display many of his mysterious methods. But now, with the help of the Empyrean level King of Common Life, he could simulate many of the mysteries of the god level. In other words, he could forcefully increase his own boundary.

With the strength of two dimensional realms, in addition to the Empyrean level King of Common Life, as well as his own Heavenly Dao Laws, he would be able to break open Wan Senshi's spells with lightning speed and rescue Yuhuan Lu.

However, Gu Chensha didn't want to do this. He wanted Wan Senshi to suffer the consequences of his own actions.

By pouring his strength into Yuhuan Lu's body, Yuhuan Lu's strength would begin to increase and her boundary would rise. In turn, she would be able to refine the golden tablet and even the New Divine Continent.

This New Divine Continent was a minor dimension. Wan Senshi had spent a great deal of time and effort to create it. This time, Gu Chensha wanted to make Wan Senshi pay the price. After Yuhuan Lu grasped the golden tablet, she would refine the New Divine Continent of this minor dimension, cutting off all the channels and wrapping everyone within. Afterwards, she would subdue them one by one. Only like this could Wan Senshi suffer a great loss.

If even the New Divine Continent's minor dimension was lost, what face would Wan Senshi have to continue fighting with Gu Chensha's Calming Immortal Department? So what if he was an old antique? In the face of new trends, he might not be able to preserve his face.

Gu Chensha's methods were that once he moved, he would cause landslides and tsunamis. Wan Senshi had captured Yuhuan Lu for so long, so how could he not pay the price? Interest had to be collected.

"The Great Dao of Good Fortune, the methods of the universe, the samsara of the sun and moon, the transformation of yin and yang." Gu Chensha poured in the Heavenly Dao Laws once more. A giant Star Dragon seemed to have been born in the depths of the Myriad Melodies Dragon Zither.

The Myriad Melody Dragon Zither was the most mysterious treasure of the Stellar Dragon Clan. This zither could produce a myriad of sounds, and it was the pinnacle of sound. It was also one of the Connate Spirit Treasures. Even though it was inferior to the Bow of Liberation and the Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence, it wasn't much inferior.

This was especially so because the treasure itself had gathered a massive amount of power and had a powerful spirituality. There was still room for improvement, and the Heavenly Dao Technique could nourish the treasure to produce unimaginable power.

The interior of the Myriad Melodies Dragon Zither had its own space, and its energy started to expand. This treasure wasn't inferior to the Heavenly Demon Book. If it could be managed properly, it could also transform into a minor chiliocosm.

Gu Chensha's current strength was immense, and with the power of the Medium Chiliocosm as a foundation, he sent it into the Myriad Melody Dragon Zither. He wanted to expand and condense the world within the zither, and not only did he want to fuse it with Yuhuan Lu, he also wanted Yuhuan Lu to give birth to another form of power.

In the Minor Chiliocosm of the New Divine Land, there were some Connate Spiritual Treasures, such as the Heaven Shocking Bell. Many fated people had even comprehended the ultimate arts of Heaven Shocking Force from it.

Other than that, the New Divine Land was filled with powerful cultivators, and there were also experts who resided there. This minor chiliocosm had been forged by Wan Senshi in imitation of the Divine Land of the Central Plains. The mountains and rivers were all the same, and it had almost seventy to eighty percent of the essence of the Divine Land. This formed the foundation of Gu Chensha's whale devouring.

"Yuhuan Lu, remember this. The divine art I'm imparting to you is the 99th layer of the Divine Land's Secret Technique!

You must cultivate this art, and I will assist you in preparing to devour the New Divine Land. "Gu Chensha's mind continued to ripple. He had long since come up with a deep plan.

Xing Qiongshi had been stationed in the dimensional world sphere of the Common People's Wish for more than a year. Gu Chensha fought with him every day, and as a result, the essence and profundities of the Divine Land's Secret Technique were all under Gu Chensha's control.

Aside from that, Gu Chensha and Xing Qiongshi both had different understandings of the Hundred Divine Land's Secret Technique.

"This New Divine Land is a part of Wan Senshi's plan. His understanding of the Divine Land of the Central Plains is extraordinary. I will help you cultivate the ninety-nine layers of the Divine Land's Secret Technique, and then you will abandon yourself and fuse with the New Divine Land. You will complete the step that Xing Qiongshi dared not take."

Gu Chensha's mind rippled even more violently. "Xing Qiongshi wants to cultivate the Hundred Divine Land's Secret Technique. His understanding is to plunder and devour the Divine Land, but my understanding is to abandon myself and fuse with the New Divine Land.

Xing Qiongshi can't change his mind, so he doesn't dare take this step. But you, with the spirit of abandoning yourself, will definitely achieve great things.

At that time, you will activate the ninety-nine layers of the Divine Land's Secret Technique, and then circulate the secrets of the Hundred Divine Land's Secret Technique. You will abandon yourself and fuse with the New Divine Land. At that time, you will be able to comprehend at least a third of the secrets of the Hundred Divine Land's Secret Technique. That will be a truly great achievement. "

"King is simply the number one existence in the world. To be able to think of such a wondrous method, I believe Immortal Master Wan definitely wouldn't have thought of this." Yu Huanlu had already seen through Gu Chensha's thoughts.

"That's right. Wan Senshi thought that I would forcefully break through all of this, fight with him, and then rescue you. Then, he would seize the opportunity to lay down layers upon layers of traps that would cause me to suffer a great loss."

Gu Chensha said, "But he definitely wouldn't know that I actually used such a method to help you cultivate the Divine Land's Secret Technique, and then put you on the brink of death to complete an experiment that not even Xing Qiongshi dared to complete. Actually, I've been planning this ever since I came into contact with Xing Qiongshi.

After fighting with Xing Qiongshi for more than a year, I got a glimpse of the true essence of the Divine Land's Secret Technique. This time, I emerged victorious from the battle with the Dharma Saint and obtained the North Star Continent. With this, I can truly carry out my plan. Do you understand? " "This subordinate understands. This subordinate definitely won't hold back," Yuhuan Lu said.

"You can say that after suffering comes happiness. This is what you deserve."

Gu Chensha said, "This is also a great opportunity for you. Once you succeed, your cultivation will definitely not be something that ordinary experts can hope to match." "For the imperial court, for the world, for the Divine Land." Yuhuan Lu didn't change her mind.

"Let's start cultivating." Gu Chensha continued to prepare, not revealing anything. He had stationed himself in the New Divine Land to raise Yuhuan Lu's cultivation. He was planning. Days passed, and in the blink of an eye, another half a year had passed. It was now the thirty-first year of the heavenly talisman.

Far away, in the depths of space-time chaos, two old-timers were observing the changes taking place in heaven and earth. Those two old-timers were Wan Senshi and the immortal master.

Wan Senshi was still wearing a long robe and a mask, so no one could see what was underneath. Perhaps there was nothing at all.

As for the immortal master, he was shrouded in a light muslin, and his entire body was shrouded in a cloud of smoke.

"I didn't expect that the Dharma Sage would suffer such a huge loss this time. He had planned so much, but it was all for the Tranquil Immortal Department. I didn't expect that the Tranquil Immortal Department would subdue the Longevity God first and then use a scheme to deal with the Dharma Sage.

Now that they've obtained the North Star Continent and refined it into a celestial-level king of mortal life, I'm afraid it won't be easy. "

The immortal master said to Wan Senshi. "The immortal master's strength has increased greatly. Now you'll have to face their wrath. Now that you've captured Yuhuan Lu, they'll definitely come after you." "Come on."

Wan Senshi said, "The Dharma Saint won a crushing victory last time. He refined a dimensional world and solidified his foundation. He even deceived us. This miscalculation is a cycle of the Heavenly Daos. If he succeeds again and again, won't he soon be invincible?"

"Actually, the Dharma Saint's biggest mistake this time was trying to create the Sun-Moon Lords to bait the North Star Continent. You should know that the Sun-Moon Lords are existences that truly inherit the destiny of heaven and earth. Their dignity cannot be taken lightly, and the Dharma Saint's creation of the Sun-Moon Lords weakened his own destiny. In that case, it was inevitable that he would lose to the immortal master.

"Fortunately, he managed to rope in Wu Dangkong's Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman to suppress his destiny.

Otherwise, he would have lost even more miserably. He might have lost all the savings he had accumulated to upgrade his dimensional world. But now that he's caught his breath, he can continue to comprehend in the midst of his defeat. As long as he can make a comeback, I'm afraid he'll become our greatest enemy in the future. "The immortal master understood everything." Wan Senshi, how do you plan to deal with the immortal master? "

"Immortal master, your eyes are sharp. You instantly saw through the reason why the Dharma Saint failed. Think about the Sun-Moon Lords, they'll definitely be an unparalleled giant that'll be hard to deal with in the future. The two of us joined forces and used countless divinations, but we still couldn't divine the whereabouts of the real Sun-Moon Lords. Instead, during the divinations, a huge backlash of destiny caused our destiny to decrease by a lot."

Wan Senshi's tone was filled with ridicule. "A mere Dharma Saint, what virtue or ability does he have to actually create the Sun-Moon Lords?

As for the immortal master, he obtained a chance to subdue the North Star Emperor and refine it into an Empyrean level Common Life Monarch. Unfortunately, it's still based on the model of the Sun-Moon Lords. Moreover, he can't destroy the will of the North Star Emperor, because the will of the North Star Emperor is an Empyrean level existence. Once it's destroyed, the Common Life Monarch will also collapse. This is a huge loophole in the immortal master's plan. I'll use this loophole to make the immortal master lose everything. Even the dimensional world within the sphere of the Common Life Monarch won't be able to keep it. In addition, I've already calculated an opportunity. Gu Chensha must have relied on his Heavenly Dao techniques to infiltrate my New Divine Prefecture and find a chance to rescue Yuhuan Lu. I've already laid out an inescapable net for him. "

"The Heavenly Dao Technique isn't simple. Once it's hidden, we won't be able to find it. Another reason for the Dharma Saint is that he can't find the Heavenly Dao Technique's Gu Chensha."

Celestial Lord said, "You can't let your guard down, especially since that Gu Chensha kid has already cultivated to the 29 Changes of Dao Realm and comprehended the Chaos Realm. He might break through to the God Realm at any moment. Once he breaks through, it will be even harder for us to notice his changes.

"That way, he will be a huge threat to us. Moreover, he has grasped the power of two dimensional worlds. The Common Life Monarch is still okay. After all, the world has only been formed for a short time and can't compare to our dimensional worlds. But the Paramita Gold Mountain was built up by numerous Buddhist Sect experts and can compare to our dimensional worlds. Luckily, Gu Chensha can only use a small portion of its power.

But if he reaches the God Realm, he can use half of its power to deal with us. That will be terrifying. "