Chapter 528
===========

"Of course," Gu Chensha said. "The Nine Great Antiques want to control all the resources and eliminate all unstable factors. As long as someone from the family threatens their position, they'll immediately suppress that person." Gu Chensha was a man of his own words, and when he saw a ghost, he said a ghost.

"You still haven't consumed that Heaven-Defying Mutated Pill?" Wu Dangkong looked at Gu Chensha as if she was trying to find some clues.

She was also very worried about this' Wudang Xing 'in front of her. It wasn't because she doubted his identity, but she was afraid that' Wudang Xing 'would take advantage of the situation.

According to Wudang Xing's plan, after she obtained the Martial Saint's Paradise, it was absolutely impossible for her to share half of Wudang Xing's control.

In fact, she already had killing intent in her heart. After obtaining the Martial Saint's Paradise, she wanted to kill this Wudang Xing! She could also use it to fuse with the paradise to increase its might.

Gu Chensha had long sensed Wu Dangkong's killing intent, but he didn't care. When it came to scheming, he had never been afraid of anyone. He had more or less investigated all of Wu Dangkong's background. It could be said that he knew his enemy as well as himself.

Even if there were some minor details that weren't in his calculations, he could still escape unscathed.

"This pill seized the fortune of heaven and earth and had the effect of changing fate. How could I dare to casually consume it? I have to carefully study it and only consume it when I am confident." Gu Chensha glanced at Wu Dangkong. "You didn't consume it either, right?"

"Alright, let's not talk about this anymore. Let's summon the Martial Emperor now and enter the Martial Saint's Paradise together. If I enter alone, won't I fall into those old fogeys' trap?" Wu Dangkong didn't know why, but she suddenly changed her mind.

Originally, Gu Chensha's plan was for Wu Dangkong to enter the Martial Saint's Paradise first and reach an agreement with the nine great elders to obtain one-tenth of the Martial Saint's Paradise's control before luring the Martial Emperor inside.

However, it was reasonable for Wu Dangkong to change his mind now. Wu Dangkong knew that the nine old fellows of the Wu Clan would definitely not give her a tenth of the control rights, even if she promised them many things.

"Very well. In that case, I will communicate with a Martial Emperor." As this change was within his control, Gu Chensha did not mind. He immediately summoned the Martial Emperor's Talisman and secretly communicated with it.

The Wishing Tree had already swallowed the Martial Emperor Talisman and understood the various characteristics of the Martial Emperor Talisman. It could create this talisman at any time, allowing him to bluff his way through.

Not long after, Martial Emperor tore through space and appeared here. When he saw Wu Dangkong, his face sank. "My Wu Clan is indeed full of geniuses. Who would have thought that a person with such great luck like you would appear here? Back then, I was unable to obtain the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree, but it actually appeared in your possession." "Greetings, Lord Martial Emperor."

Wu Dangkong smirked coldly, "However, this is the world of the Yongchō, and the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is unfathomable. If Lord Martial Emperor were to address himself as' Emperor 'again, I'm afraid you'll be captured and killed if the Imperial Court hears about it." "Are you talking about the Calming Immortal Department?"

Martial Emperor's face twitched unconsciously. He had actually suffered a loss in the hands of Gu Chensha, but how could he say it in front of others?

"A bunch of juniors, a motley crew. With a few treasures, this Emperor can suppress them with a flip of his hand." "Lord Martial Emperor is truly too arrogant."

Wu Dangkong laughed, "The Calming Immortal Department has already become famous. It has become a trend among the people, gathering a huge amount of wish energy. That sphere of the Common People's Wish isn't just a few random treasures. Instead, as the world's wish energy surged in, it has already become an existence comparable to the Martial Saint's Paradise."

"Their weakness is that they lack a true Divine Grade expert. They only have good treasures, but they can't unleash their full potential."

Martial Emperor's eyes fiercely looked out, once again trying to see through the layers of space to see the sphere of the Common People's Wish. However, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't find it.

"What?

That sphere has changed again? "Martial Emperor was secretly shocked and immediately became extremely vigilant.

"Lord Martial Emperor, let's talk about our cooperation. It's time for those old fellows from the Martial Saint's Paradise to retreat. This time, let's enter the Martial Saint's Paradise and seize power." Wu Dangkong didn't want to waste any more time and directly cut to the chase.

"Very well. If we manage to seize the Martial Saint's Paradise, we'll share it." Martial Emperor immediately stated his conditions.

At this moment, Wu Dangkong glanced at 'Wudang Xing' and noticed that his gaze was very unnatural. He immediately laughed in his heart, 'This kid colluded with Martial Emperor, but Martial Emperor didn't take him seriously. He didn't even mention his benefits. No wonder he wanted to send Martial Emperor to his grave.

However, Martial Emperor's promise to me was just a lie. This Emperor is harsh and merciless. He basically doesn't give his subordinates any benefits and rules the world with harsh laws.

I'll just pretend to be courteous with him for now. Once we enter the Martial Saint's Paradise, we'll use our own methods. ' Wu Dangkong had his own thoughts, and so did Martial Emperor.

"Alright." Wu Dangkong agreed. "If we join forces, we'll definitely be able to obtain the Martial Saint's Paradise."

"Then let's not delay and head there directly." Martial Emperor said to Gu Chensha, "Wudang Xing, quickly lead the way." "Yes, Your Majesty." Gu Chensha bowed obediently.

He took the lead and flew towards the center of the Martial Province where the Wu clan's five mountains were located. About an hour later, they saw five towering mountains in the distance.

'Yangwu Mountain', 'Yuanwu Mountain', 'True Martial Mountain', 'Martial Transformation Mountain', and 'Extreme Martial Mountain'.

Gu Chensha was the first to land on 'Yuanwu Mountain' in the center. Wu Dangkong and Martial Emperor followed behind him and landed in front of the main hall on the mountain.

At this time, there were many elders cultivating in front of the main hall. However, they were all gone now. It seemed like they had all entered the Martial Saint's Paradise. The nine old antiques must have noticed Martial Emperor and Wu Dangkong's arrival.

"Let's go in."

Martial Emperor sneered. He saw that the huge whirlpool in the main hall had already opened and a thought was transmitted from it, "Martial Emperor, Wu Dangkong, come in.

You are also members of the Wu clan. It is reasonable for you to enter the Martial Saint's Paradise today. " "Let's go!"

Wu Dangkong suddenly grabbed Gu Chensha and exchanged a glance with Martial Emperor before stepping into the whirlpool that led to the Martial Saint's Paradise.

The heavens and earth rotated and space-time wriggled. The three of them entered the Martial Saint's Paradise.

Gu Chensha discovered that the Paradise seemed to have become austere. He could vaguely see some kind of formation being set up. It was obvious that it was targeted at Martial Emperor and Wu Dangkong. King Wu Yu and the rest of the nine god-level experts stood in various positions.

"King Wu Yu, you told this brat that you want me to return to the Wu clan to govern. Does it count?"

Martial Emperor seemed to have his own plans after entering the Martial Saint's Paradise. He was not afraid and was calm. It was obvious that he had a great trump card. Wu Dangkong said, "Nine old ancestors, do you agree to my agreement?"

"Of course. You are an outstanding disciple of our Wu clan. You are blessed by the heavens. Moreover, you have to contribute the Divine Prefecture Thousand Ominous Armor. We will definitely give you a seat. Same goes for Martial Emperor."

King Wu Yu said, "The world is in chaos. Our Wu clan is the descendant of the Martial Saint. We must be united in order to survive the calamity. We must not have internal strife." "Of course."

Although Martial Emperor said this, everyone knew that it was only a matter of time before they fell out, "What should we do now?

I have become an anomaly and should be able to gain control of the Martial Saint's Paradise. With me refining the Martial Saint's Paradise, it will definitely obtain the greatest benefits. Moreover, I have the Dragon Nurturing Mantra and will nurture all the Wu clan's disciples into geniuses. Let us first discuss the control of the Martial Saint's Paradise. " "The Wu clan is distributed according to the will of the Martial Saint."

King Wu Yu's expression did not change, "Whoever contributes more will obtain more control. Martial Emperor, you have just entered the Paradise. You must contribute more before you can obtain the Martial Saint's Spirit's approval." "Looks like we should follow the agreement?"

Martial Emperor said, "Wu Dangkong, release the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor. I will refine it and merge it with the Martial Saint's Paradise. This is equivalent to the Paradise devouring a Deity level expert. That way, my contribution will be sufficient."

"Yes, that's the agreement." King Wu Yu said, "Wu Dangkong, release the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor."

A cold smile appeared on Wu Dangkong's face. He waved his hand and a ball of light appeared. Within the ball of light was a suit of armor. This suit of armor was pitch-black and gave off an endless amount of ferocious aura. The baleful aura shook the entire Martial Saint's Paradise. However, it was only baleful aura. The armor had not fully awakened yet.

At this moment, Wu Dangkong's thoughts traveled into Gu Chensha's ears, "You know the Divine Land's Great Art. Later, use the Divine Land's Great Art to activate the armor. When the armor reveals its true power, it will definitely cause chaos in this place." "I know."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "This Wu Dangkong saw me using the Divine Land's Great Art and purposely asked me to activate the armor. I'm afraid that once the armor is activated, the evil spirit will awaken and devour me first. As for you, Wu Dangkong and Xing Qiongshi, the armor won't be able to do anything to you." He had a deep understanding of the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor.

In the Devil Domain, the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor on Jiang Qi's body and Xing Qiongshi were still killing demons and preparing the altar.

This Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor was even more mysterious. Xing Qiongshi had secretly attached his will to it in order to pry into the power of the Sun Moon Altar.

"If I obtain this armor and use the Tree of Wishes to absorb it, the Deity of Wishes on the Tree of Wishes would immediately take form. That would be equivalent to a Deity level expert. My Calmness Immortal Department would also have a Deity level expert.

Moreover, the Deity of Wishes has many tricks up its sleeves. It's different from the original spirits of other magic treasures. In the end, we are two separate entities. "Gu Chensha was also drooling over the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor.

Previously, he didn't manage to obtain the Peerless Heavenly Scripture. Now that he had obtained the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor, it should be enough to make up for his loss.

"This is the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor? Let me refine it! "The Martial Emperor's eyes lit up when he saw the armor.