Chapter 146
===========

Geniuses remember in a second, 'Go if you like? Small? ', providing you with exciting novels to read.

"That's the stuff between the younger generation. Since Your Majesty asked, I'm sure you already know everything."

Light flashed in the eyes of the Law Empress and then dimmed. "That child Wuxian can't be controlled at all. He doesn't even listen to my words, let alone the words of the ancestors in the clan." "He's a natural born saint and has some ability."

Heavenly Talisman the Great Emperor said, "But this person disregards the law and does as he pleases. In the future, he'll definitely be one of the people who will create chaos in the world." "Your Majesty, please take back your words."

The Law Empress was shocked. "That child Wuxian is still young. He's arrogant, but he wouldn't dare to go against the imperial court and destroy Your Majesty's great cause. This matter should be a small misunderstanding behind the scenes." "Why are you panicking?"

Heavenly Talisman the Great Emperor smiled. "To be able to receive such an evaluation from me, he's definitely not ordinary. Moreover, your school of Legalism has followed me for many years and helped me govern the world. As long as you don't go too far, I can ignore small mistakes." "I'll go and inform the ancestors of the school of Legalism to discipline that child Wuxian."

Only then did the Law Empress let out a sigh of relief. "It seems that Your Majesty cares for Nineteen. Back then, Fa Sha was impulsive and took away the Law Breaking Celestial Sword and the Anti-Demon Treasure Robe. He even offered the robe to me. I didn't want it, should I return it to Nineteen?" "We elders shouldn't interfere in the matters between the brothers."

Heavenly Talisman the Great Emperor waved his hand. "I don't want others to say that I'm biased. Besides, I can't care so much. There's no need to make a fuss about that child Fa Wuxian. It's good to let Nineteen, Baiyue, and Little Four know that there's always someone better out there. Take it as training. There's still a lot of training ahead. " "Your Majesty is really magnanimous."

The Law Empress' expression calmed down a little. "Fa Sha has now cultivated the Glass Jade Body. In a few days, he'll attack the Temple of Mohe. Wuxian will also take action."