Chapter 254
===========

Gu Chensha knew that he couldn't even open the Book of Sky Demon, much less refine it.

But sooner or later, as his cultivation level grew stronger, he would be able to truly fuse this book into the Dragon Sect, making the Dragon Sect an unprecedented Dharma treasure.

"Alright, let's rescue the Black Tortoise and The Fourth first." Lou Baiyue suddenly conjured the Endless World again.

The nine sacred dragon celestial soldiers transformed into a thumb-sized half-human, half-dragon snake form. They could actually change their size at will. This treasure was indeed worthy of being an ancient primordial treasure. Gu Chensha immediately infused his Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle into Lou Baiyue's body. Lou Baiyue pointed repeatedly. Instantly, the Endless World enveloped the Book of Sky Demon once again.

Vaguely, Gu Chensha saw the shadow of the primordial world appear on the book. At the same time, he seemed to see a Black Tortoise secretly eating Demon souls.

"Receive!" Lou Baiyue pulled slightly and the Black Tortoise was brought out by a mysterious force.

Following that, the Black Tortoise opened its eyes and blinked its mouth. "Why did you bring me out? I was having a good time eating. There are so many Demon souls. I want to eat, eat, eat!"

As the Black Tortoise spoke, Gu Chensha sensed that it had become much stronger. Its body felt like a huge river was flowing.

"You can't eat anymore."

Lou Baiyue said, "There are Demon souls that are much stronger than you in the Book of Sky Demon. If they eat you, they might be able to break free from the Demon Soul World."

"I don't care. I don't care. I want to eat." The Black Tortoise stared intently at the Book of Sky Demon. It wished it could swallow the Book of Sky Demon and digest it slowly.

At that moment, The Fourth also opened its eyes. Its eyes shimmered and it had improved greatly. Clearly, it had obtained a lot of nourishment from the Book of Sky Demon.

In the Book of Sky Demon, many Demon souls existed for real. There were many benefits after devouring them.

"There seemed to be some danger just now. Was there an enemy attack?" The Fourth seemed to sense something. Gu Chensha told him about Que Ying 'er's visit.

It was indeed a close call. If Lou Baiyue had not woken up, perhaps Gu Chensha would have used his final trump card. That was the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's Death Immunity Talisman.

However, the news of the Heavenly Talisman Great Thearch bestowing the Death Immunity Talisman to Gu Chensha had already spread and this Que Ying 'er must have known about it as well. Hence, it was impossible for her to come here rashly. In that case, she must have concluded that something had happened to the Heavenly Talisman Great Thearch which caused the Death Immunity Talisman to lose its effect.

Gu Chensha did not dare to give it a try, nor did he dare to pin his hopes on the Death-Exemption Talisman.

"Damned demoness, she's actually so daring."

The Fourth listened carefully and said, "She saw that Imperial Father had allowed Wu Dangkong to take control of the situation in the court. She also heard some news, so she thought that there was an opportunity to kill us." "Wu Dangkong is in control of the court? It's not that easy. "

Lou Baiyue sneered, "This woman's foundation is shallow. Even if she holds great power in the study room, she can't convince the masses. Actually, the Emperor is just extracting her luck.

However, we can't let our guard down. She has managed the Jingwu Trade Conglomerate among the people and is good at winning people over. In addition, she has the support of the Wu Clan and Gu Tanjian stirring up trouble. She is definitely here for our Calming Immortal Department. " "The situation is gradually becoming clearer."

The Fourth had a deep understanding of the situation. "Right now, it's Gu Tanjian, Wu Dangkong, and even the other princes. I've already received news that Gu Tanjian has used the Dragon Raising Pill as a lure to make the Seventh Prince, Third Prince, Tenth Prince, Fourteenth Prince, and Eighteenth Prince form an alliance with him to suppress our Calming Immortal Department." "What can a motley crew do?"

Lou Baiyue sneered, "However, the Emperor is in seclusion and allowed Wu Dangkong to enter the study room. It's worth thinking about the Celestial Designer Institute's intentions.

Right now, the various saint clans are also one of them. They are secretly opposing the imperial court. Other than them, there are the eight marquises, the three dukes, and the eunuchs in the palace who are truly loyal to the Emperor. " "The Celestial Designer Institute shouldn't have any ulterior motives." Gu Chensha frowned.

"The people in the Celestial Designer Institute are all old antiques with tyrannical cultivation. If nothing goes wrong with the Emperor, they will definitely be obedient.

Right now, they are loyal, but we can't put the safety of the world on the basis of these old antiques' unchanging loyalty. "The Fourth was very clear about the situation.

"You guys continue talking. I'm going to dig a hole underground." Black Tortoise became like a little mouse. With a swoosh, he burrowed into the ground and started to manage his nest.

"It's still difficult for us to open the Book of Heavenly Demons. Our cultivation is not enough."

Lou Baiyue shook her head, "But it's not that far off. This time, Que Ying 'er actually dared to come after us. Since that's the case, we have to retaliate against the Yao race." "The most important thing right now is to wait for the Yao race to retaliate. Que Ying 'er will definitely be prepared. "

Gu Chensha thought about it, "I haven't been able to bring Wu Quxing's reincarnation back. That person has already been taken away by Fa Wuxian. We still have to think of a way to find him. Also, since Wu Quxing's reincarnation has appeared, the other reincarnations of Xing Chen will also appear one after another. We can't leave empty-handed."

"I'm afraid that Fa Wuxian won't be able to obtain Wu Quxing's reincarnation either," Lou Baiyue said, "I've already sent Jin Suibo to investigate. He's already gotten the news himself." As they spoke, the Cycle Box transmitted a message over.

"As expected, Jin Suibo did manage to get the news."

Lou Baiyue said, "As expected, Fa Wuxian didn't manage to obtain Wu Quxing's reincarnation. Instead, it was Chang Weiyang from the Profound Cosmos Gate who made a move. She defeated Fa Wuxian and the many old antiques of the School of Legalism and took the servant away." "Chang Weiyang?" Gu Chensha said, "Who is she? She was actually able to defeat Fa Wuxian? "

"This person is the current sect master of the Profound Cosmos Gate. She's Chang Yuzhou's daughter and is also an antique who has lived for three thousand years."

Lou Baiyue said, "This woman is a powerful character. She led the entire Profound Cosmos Gate to fight against the Profound Heaven and Earth Gate for thousands of years without losing." "No wonder Fa Wuxian wasn't her match. So she's an antique who has lived for three thousand years."

Gu Chensha analyzed, "The Profound Cosmos Gate is unfathomable. Since Chang Weiyang is the sect master, she's probably an expert like Grand Preceptor Wen Hong."

"Chang Weiyang's talent is rumored to not be very high. She's not even an unparalleled genius, but an ordinary genius. However, this woman has actually comprehended the mysteries of heaven and earth, the mysteries of the universe, and the vicissitudes of the human world. She has broken through the limits, causing her skills and talent to be completely disproportionate. This is an anomaly." Lou Baiyue had long since obtained information on this woman.

"There have been such anomalies in history."

Gu Chensha was slightly shocked. "Logically speaking, only those with superior talent can cultivate the Glass Jade Body with great fortuitous encounters and endless resources. Those with genius talent can at most cultivate the Great Dao Golden Core. If one's talent and cultivation are not equal, then that's an anomaly. "

Gu Chensha himself was not an anomaly. If his talent did not increase, then he would not be able to improve further.

He could not imagine how someone with such poor talent could cultivate to such an unparalleled level. What was going on? It was like a bottle, but it could hold a large vat of water. If Gu Chensha could comprehend this, then his cultivation would truly reach an unimaginable level.

All anomalies were born after birth. They went against the will of heaven, so that they would not be bound by the will of heaven. Such people must have experienced countless trials and tribulations, and finally comprehended the vicissitudes of the human world, the changes of the past, present, and future.

"If Chang Weiyang was not an anomaly, she would not have been able to fight against the Profound Heaven Earth Gate for so many years."

Lou Baiyue said, "However, this woman has always been mysterious. She usually hides herself and does not make a move. This time, she suddenly took away Wu Qu Xing for reincarnation. She must be plotting something big."

"This woman probably doesn't want to kill Wu Qu Xing after he reincarnates to steal the profound meaning of the stars, right?"

Number Four said, "After all, this woman seems to have comprehended the supreme truth that surpasses aptitude. Of course, aptitude is also useful to her, but I've heard rumors of the Immortal Dao that this woman has a good reputation and is rather righteous." "I hope that Wu Qu Xing's reincarnated manservant can live on." Gu Chensha said, "But he is the reincarnation of the stars, so he might not die so easily."

"We want to find the person who reincarnated the profound meaning of the stars, but our cultivation is far from enough."

Lou Baiyue said, "Actually, the person who can divine the changes of the stars the best is Wen Hong. His Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art is unique. This time, when the stars changed and the profound meaning of the stars descended into the world, he might be the one who benefited the most. I think you can find him again and learn some mysteries from him. " "Wen Hong?

I feel like something is wrong. After all, Xian Dynasty's Chen Tianhuang also appeared that time. It might have been his intention. "

Gu Chensha pondered for a moment. "However, he took Buzhou Palace away, saying that he would return it to us. There hasn't been any movement until now. Furthermore, he opened Buzhou Palace and obtained some of the emperor's treasures and pills. He gave them to the Xian Dynasty's royal family."

"You can make a deal with him. Say that we obtained the Book of Heavenly Fey. If he can help us open the Book of Heavenly Fey, we will give up Buzhou Palace.

We can also let him study many mystic arts in the Book of Heavenly Fey. After all, the Twenty-eight Constellations Fiend Transformation is also related to the ancient use of the stars, "Lou Baiyue said." At the same time, we can find out the whereabouts of the person who reincarnated the stars from him. " "A deal is possible."

The Fourth nodded. "After all, Old Nineteen, your mother has some friendship with Wen Hong. Moreover, Wen Hong is a person who is more polite to us. From Royal Father's point of view, Royal Father doesn't want to deal with him. Otherwise, no matter how strong he is, he will be suppressed by Royal Father.

We are in troubled times now. We need to form alliances. If we can pull Wen Hong into our alliance, the pressure on the Celestial Tranquility Department will be reduced. Moreover, Royal Father once gave you the task of subduing the remnants of the Xian Dynasty for your own use. " "If that's the case, I will go find Wen Hong." Gu Chensha understood as he listened.

Now that Heavenly Talisman Sovereign was in seclusion, the situation in the imperial court could still be sustained. However, if Wu Dangkong and Gu Tanjian colluded, the situation would gradually become disadvantageous. In the current situation, Wen Hong was the only giant that could be roped in.