Chapter 599
===========

After Zhuge Ya and Tai Xuan Du Chang Weiyang's discussion, the two Sect Masters returned with great rewards.

However, no matter how rich they were, it was still extremely difficult to turn their sects' minor chiliocosm into a medium-grade world. Unless the two sects merged and had a huge fortuitous encounter, there would be hope. Otherwise, it would be impossible for the two sects to become medium-grade worlds within the next few hundred years.

The world was changing with each passing day. Every few years, there would be a change. Who knew what it would be like after a few hundred years. The world was currently in the midst of an unprecedented change.

"When do you think the second Devil Disaster will happen?" Gu Chensha waited for the two Sect Masters to leave before discussing with Zhuge Ya.

Zhuge Ya was about to become a God rank expert. He would gain a lot from all sorts of comprehensions and mutual verification with Gu Chensha.

"Within three to five years, it will definitely happen again, and it will be even more violent. Our medium-grade world might not be able to withstand it."

Zhuge Ya was not happy because of the temporary victory of the Celestial Tranquility Department. On the contrary, he was somewhat worried. "The Sky Devil Race has not appeared yet. The Sky Devil Race also has a medium-grade world, and it is much deeper than our sphere. If we fight them, we will definitely lose. However, the Sky Devil Race does not dare to joke about this. If we fight to the death, their medium-grade world will also suffer great damage, so they do not dare to fight."

"The reason why the Devil Race does not dare to attack is because of Father's golden token. It has intimidated many powerful existences."

Gu Chensha thought of the Lei Family's Extreme Thunder Source and Extreme Thunder Blood Ancestor. They were still kneeling in the plaza in front of the imperial court, cursing all day and night. However, no one cared about them. The civil and military officials would sometimes hurriedly pass by, cursing and spitting on their faces.

And Lou Baiyue The Fourth was even more impressive. He opened up the imperial court plaza, allowing many commoners and organizations to visit the kneeling God rank ancestors as long as they applied. Immediately, the nosy people among the commoners surged, breaking through the doorway. The Lei Family's reputation was almost completely ruined.

The Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, had completely shut himself in and no longer had the face to appear in front of anyone.

As for the two patriarchs of the Lei Family, Lightning Extreme Essence and Lightning Extreme Blood, they wanted to die as well. However, they were sealed, and could neither live nor die. They could only kneel there and suffer humiliation.

"The medallion left behind by His Majesty has indeed intimidated powerful existences this time. However, I have a feeling that the medallion left behind by His Majesty will lose its effect at any time. Because the world has reached a critical juncture, we have to be careful. "

Zhuge Ya was still worried about this problem. "However, we can take advantage of His Majesty's remaining power to show off again. We can harvest the Wu Clan." "The Wu Clan isn't in a hurry to harvest."

Gu Chensha said, "This time, the world's aristocratic families suffered a great loss. However, Dharma Saint has already achieved his own merits. This loss has caused the world's aristocratic families to cooperate sincerely and put aside their grudges to work together against our Celestial Tranquility Department. We left the Wu Clan behind to see what these people are plotting.

Wu Dangkong and the Crown Prince are also in seclusion. In fact, they are also discussing how to wait for an opportunity to make a comeback. We have to keep track of their every move at all times. "

"There is another person worth paying attention to. That is Li Wanlong of the Nest of 10,000 Dragons. This demon lord has not made any big moves, but his ambition is greater than any other overlord."

Zhuge Ya said, "Previously, when we dealt with the three great apes, we actually did him a favor. We allowed him to completely subdue the three great apes and the ape tribe. If my guess is correct, he is currently restraining himself because he wants to break through to the realm above the 36 Transformations and become a Celestial Venerable. That way, he can truly become the Lord of 10,000 Demons. He might even surpass the previous demon tribes and obtain the true destiny of the demon race."

"This demon is indeed worth being wary of. No matter what, our Celestial Tranquility Department has now gained a firm foothold. In order to prevent the Divine Prefecture from becoming more chaotic and losing its foundation, I have established the Small Divine Prefecture in advance. That is how it is. Now, we should accumulate more resources in preparation for the great calamity in the future."

Gu Chensha said, "For the time being, there will not be any large-scale movements from the Demon Calamity. It will only be small-scale disturbances and probes. It just so happens that we can strengthen the way of governing a country and unite the hearts of the people again. The power of wishes produced will also be dozens of times greater."

"This is indeed feasible. Ever since the aristocratic families did not interfere, we cleaned up the murders caused by the aristocratic families in the past and set things right. We arrested a large number of aristocratic families' disciples and put them on trial or killed them. The people of the world have great trust in us, and their unity has more than doubled. I can clearly feel the power of wishes boiling. It can be seen that with the same number of people, as long as we can obtain their approval, the power of the people's hearts will increase infinitely," Zhuge Ya said.

If a person sincerely believed in it, they would feel gratitude from the bottom of their heart. They would definitely work hard for it.

The power of wishes that had exploded was extremely huge. It was completely different from those who were forced to believe in it, who did not agree with it, and who said one thing but meant another. It was the same for the destiny of the country.

Everyone in the world worked hard. Everyone was brimming with emotions. If the people's hearts were united, the destiny of the entire country would be unprecedentedly strengthened.

If the people's hearts were lax and completely disappointed in the imperial court, then even if the country was rich in resources, it would still fall apart. Under the chaos of the people's hearts, ambitious and ruthless people would also take advantage of the situation to rise up. Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya had already comprehended the secrets of the human heart.

They felt that after suppressing the aristocratic families, through a series of methods and operations, the power of wishes obtained by the Calming Immortal Department had doubled. Some of the emperor's aura had even begun to gather inside the sphere. With the replenishment of this power, the sphere's circulation became much more flexible. Some of the desolate spaces also began to give birth to vitality.

Because of this, Zhuge Ya and Gu Chensha's understanding of the hearts of the people of the world and the way of governing a country had deepened. They had now figured out some methods and secrets. They could see that even now, the destiny of the entire country and the people's hearts still had a lot of potential that could be excavated. The power of the human heart was actually limitless.

"A long time ago, the True God accepted the faith of the people and divided the believers into false believers, shallow believers, deep believers, and fanatics.

At the same realm and with the same aptitude, the power of faith produced by a fanatic was more than a hundred times that of a shallow believer.

The way of governing a country is the same. The way of governing a country is the support, trust, approval, unity, progress, ideals, hope, and other emotions in the heart. "

Zhuge Ya said, "So now that the country is facing the invasion of the Devil Disaster, the people's hearts are united and unprecedentedly united. This is an opportunity.

If there is no Devil Disaster, everyone will be at ease and will be less hot-blooded. In this case, the people's hearts will instead scatter.

"The way of governing a country is to grasp the hearts of the people."

Gu Chensha once again comprehended and conversed. This was greatly beneficial to his own cultivation. "What do you think of the Buddhist Sect?"

"The Human Dragon Guild has made a great contribution this time, and it was also supported by the Calming Immortal Department that they managed to resist the invasion of the Devil Race. However, this may not be a good thing. The Buddhist Sect has used this contribution to gain quite a bit of reputation among the people. If the Buddhist Sect were to expand rapidly, it would be a great loss to the fate of the country. So while we are making use of the Buddhist Sect, we must also contain them and let them exhaust the Devil Race's strength. After the Devil Disaster is over, we will have to abandon them."

Zhuge Ya saw it very clearly. "The Buddhist Sect has a fatal weakness, and that is that they do not produce. Moreover, they cannot give birth to new life. Their goal is to be liberated, not to prolong the race."

"I will take note of this matter," Gu Chensha said. "After this, the strength of the aristocratic families will be further weakened."

"For Your Highness, what you need to do now is to raise your realm and comprehend the divergent so that you can quickly cultivate to the Deity level. As long as Your Highness can cultivate to the Deity level, you will even be able to operate this dimensional realm freely." Zhuge Ya grasped the crux of the matter.

"In terms of comprehending the divergent, I'm almost there." Gu Chensha nodded and said, "Next, I'm just short of a crucial fortuitous encounter. I'll go take a look at the Small Divine Region first. We must be on guard at all times over there. " Rumble!

Gu Chensha stepped into a space-time passageway and arrived at the Small Divine Region at the next moment.

At this moment, the Cang Biosis Dragon Pagoda was getting bigger and bigger, reaching a height of 10,000 zhang and taking up a radius of ten li. This was the transformation after it had fused with many Primordial Divine Weapons. At the highest level of this pagoda, Wu Pogong, who was also known as' Yi Gong ', was constantly doing hard labor. It was not that he had never thought of plundering this Small Divine Region and turning it into his own treasures and territory. The more he condensed this Small Divine Region, the more astonished he was. He also coveted it.

If he could obtain this Small Divine Region, the power he would obtain would be immense. The condensation of his microscopic world would definitely improve by leaps and bounds.

However, every time he had this thought, the curse in his body would immediately erupt, tormenting him to the point that he would rather die than live.

As time passed, he accepted his fate and no longer dared to have any delusions. He could only painstakingly condense it to avoid suffering even greater pain and torment. Moreover, as soon as his thoughts moved, Gu Chensha would know clearly. Whoosh!

When Gu Chensha arrived, he saw that 'Yi Gong' was still continuously condensing the Cang Biosis Dragon Pagoda. During these days, this person had many bad thoughts. This was a matter of course. As one of the ancestors of the Wu Clan, how could he be willing to be a slave here?

"Yi Gong, during these days, your heart has been filled with dissatisfaction."

Gu Chensha fiercely said, "It seems that it will be difficult for me to subdue you. If I keep you here, you will definitely become a great calamity. Tell me, should I cripple your cultivation and turn you into an existence like Xiao Donglai?"

Yi Gong was so frightened that his entire body trembled. He hurriedly knelt down and said, "Spare me, Prince, spare me. I have already completely controlled my delusions. I don't dare to do anything." "God-tier experts can already control their delusions."

Gu Chensha said, "It's a pity that your heart is still filled with hatred for my Calming Immortal Department. Remember, if you have any delusions again, I will immediately strike you down to the mortal world."