Chapter 672
===========

Wen Hong had decided to make a move against the Xing Qiong Tribe.

But he chose another method. He would subjugate the Great Wei Dynasty, govern the country, manage the court, and strengthen the fate and cohesion. He felt that as long as he could subjugate the Great Wei Dynasty, and then use a series of methods to establish a sacrificial system, he would be able to infuse the power of wishes into the dimensional realm of the Common People's Wish sphere. With this power, he would be able to suppress the Xing Qiong Tribe.

The Great Wei Dynasty had a population of 50 billion, but because it was a feudal system, it was like many vassal states. It was not unified, and the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor did not have much fate.

The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor had always wanted to create a unified dynasty, but even with the power of a Sage, he could not do anything. But Wen Hong was different.

Although Wen Hong was also a Sage, he had the Infinity Cauldron. If they fought, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor would not be his match.

The power of the Infinity Cauldron was already above that of the Dragon Zither. Although it was not as good as the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd, it was one of the 36 Infinity Treasures of the Land of Infinity. Within the Land of Infinity, the power of this cauldron was almost limitless, and it could borrow the power of the land itself.

In addition, Wen Hong could also use the power of the dimensional realm of the Common People's Wish sphere. As such, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor was not his match at all.

He would move now to suppress this emperor, and then replace him with someone else, starting from the top. Only then could he minimize the losses. Even if he created a unified dynasty, the population would not drop because of the bloody war.

The Great Wei Dynasty was divided, and it was difficult to unify. The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor could not do it, but Wen Hong was confident that his governing methods were better than the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor's.

This time, he would seize the opportunity to use the Infinity Cauldron to refine the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, and make preparations to raise his own strength.

Ever since his fate had been changed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, he had enjoyed great fate, and was not bound by karma. He already had the capital to transcend. He cultivated bitterly in the dimensional realm of the Common People's Wish sphere, and discussed with many powerhouses. He had also obtained many secret teachings from the Calming Immortal Department, and more recently, he had obtained all the teachings of the Buddhist sect. With all these resources, he had obtained the greatest treasure in the world.

Just the inheritance of the Buddhist Sect, the memories, knowledge, cultivation experience, and cultivation methods of all the Buddhist Sect's big shots, were things that even the three Heavenly Venerables did not possess.

Wen Hong's realm was higher than Gu Chensha's, and his cultivation was even more tyrannical. Gu Chensha had yet to digest all of his memories, but Wen Hong, with the help of the Endless Cauldron, had already completed the brewing process. He fused his spirit into the depths of the Endless Cauldron, and then began to brew the knowledge. In the end, he could cook the knowledge from the Endless Cauldron into the most suitable transformation for himself. The best thing about the Infinity Cauldron was that it could cook anything. With a slight movement of his body, he left this place and headed towards the Great Might Empire.

Xing Qiongshi was still sitting in the center of the dimensional realm, beneath the World Tree. His eyes were closed, deep in thought. It was unknown just what he was thinking, but he didn't dare to act rashly. He feared that the Regal Propria in the skies would suppress him; he absolutely wasn't a match for it. He was also taking a risk. Fortune comes from danger.

Just as Gu Chensha had said, he wanted to take advantage of this opportunity to occupy this dimensional realm and take over its nest.

He also knew that Gu Chensha also wanted to obtain many secrets from him, and treat him as a target to comprehend. With his cultivation, how could he not see that Gu Chensha's comprehension had reached a critical moment? It was very likely that he wanted to comprehend a Divergent from him. This was a case of each taking what they needed, and each fighting.

With Xing Qiongshi's cultivation, it would not be easy for Gu Chensha to obtain any benefits from him. He would more or less have to pay a price, and Xing Qiongshi was the same. With Gu Chensha's shrewdness and the power of this dimensional realm, as well as the many big shots of the Celestial Tranquility Department, the Celestial Sect Master was not an existence that could be easily bullied. The relationship between the two was one of cooperation, but also a battle of wits and courage.

"So the True God position of the Gods of the Five Seasons is in Dou Yiyu's hands, and she even confidently said that it was in Xing Qiongshi's hands. She was so cunning and strange that I almost believed her."

Gu Chensha watched as Wen Hong left, but he wasn't too worried. He kept his eyes glued to Xing Qiongshi, observing his every move. This time, he was in close contact with him. Moreover, by relying on the dimensional realm's spying and vibrations, he would be able to see through most of Xing Qiongshi's secrets.

"Xing Qiongshi, you want to fight with me too? I want to see whether your Divine Prefecture Great Arts or my Heavenly Dao Arts are more powerful."

Gu Chensha's body moved, and he separated a trace of the Heavenly Dao Arts and was about to enter Xing Qiongshi's body.

He could enter the True God position that the Dharma Saint had obtained, and from there, he could see all of the Dharma Saint's memories and secrets. Now that his cultivation had greatly improved, he should have some confidence in dealing with Xing Qiongshi. This was the start of the battle of wits and courage against Xing Qiongshi.

Back then, when Gu Chensha had become a Warlock Saint, his cultivation had been at the Undying Body of the 25th Transformation of the Dao Realm. Now, he was at the Seamless Realm of the 27th Transformation of the Two Realms. Don't underestimate these two realms. There was a world of difference between them. The degree of concentration and the mysterious changes of his Dharma Power were already incomparable to before.

Since he cultivated the 27 World Transformations, his strength had climbed. Common People's Commander suppressed the Divine Prefecture and Desolate Provinces, such that the evil demons and cultivators didn't dare to act rashly. Luck gathered and the country's luck grew. Even the wish power in the world increased by 30% and it was still increasing.

Common People's Commander's combat strength, divination skills, and ruling ability were all comparable to a Saint. His soul power was at True Dragon Technique Stage Five, which was on the same level as Fa Wuxian.

Moreover, this was in his own medium-sized world. He secretly used many techniques and felt like he would be able to seep into Xing Qiongshi's body and see the structure of the King of Divergent.

Just like that, his soul power was hidden in the World Power and seeped into Xing Qiongshi's body. Xing Qiongshi didn't notice at all. Gu Chensha didn't dare to let his guard down. He didn't continue and just observed from the outside.

At that moment, Xing Qiongshi suddenly opened his eyes, "The Heaven Path Technique is really mysterious. Why don't you continue to look at my secrets?"

"Hahahaha …" Gu Chensha laughed out loud, "I knew that Xing Qiongshi wasn't simple. As expected from the King of Divergent, even the Celestial Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife can't kill you. My Heaven Path Technique is silent and doesn't leave any traces of fate. Even the Dharma Saint couldn't notice it, so how did you notice it today?" He wasn't surprised at all, because the current situation was also within his calculations.

"After all, the Dharma Saint's cultivation is too weak."

Xing Qiongshi looked at Gu Chensha, "Although we are working together, you actually want to use your Heaven Path Technique to spy on me. Isn't that breaking the agreement?" "Not at all."

Gu Chensha said righteously, "You are sitting here and you are also spying on the secrets of our medium-sized world. Me spying on your secrets is to learn from each other, so how is that breaking the agreement? Our agreement is to comprehend and communicate with each other.

Now, I want to comprehend Divergent and obtain the structure of the King of Divergent in your body. That is only natural. "

A few years ago, when Gu Chensha saw Xing Qiongshi, it was like a little bug looking at the sun in the sky. He felt like he was completely subdued.

But now, his cultivation base was gradually improving, and most importantly, he had cultivated his dimensional world. Although he knew that he wasn't a match for giants like the Xingqiong Clan and Immortal Master Wan, the gap between them wasn't that great. As long as he reached the Divine Realm, then with the various transformations of his Heavenly Dao magic and the immense power of his dimensional world, it wouldn't be easy for these giants to kill him. At that point, he would have the capital to stand up to them as equals. If he could cultivate to the Heavenly Sovereign level, he would be able to crush these giants. Of course, the road ahead was still very long.

But now, Xing Qiongshi was in a medium-sized world and had the golden plate, so Gu Chensha wasn't afraid at all. If he was afraid of something like this, then he didn't need to do anything. His main goal in inviting Xing Qiongshi here was to study this person.

"Even so, if I don't punish you for offending me, you might take the initiative to do something else."

Xing Qiongshi's tone was very calm. He didn't get up and continued to sit firmly under the World Tree. This made Gu Chensha feel as if he had truly begun to fuse with the World Tree. In the future, he would definitely be able to take over Gu Chensha's territory. In reality, Xing Qiongshi really did have the ability to do so. But Gu Chensha was only using the pressure from Xing Qiongshi to spur himself on. The so-called way of governing a country was to make it prosper no matter how difficult it was.

The current Yongchō was under the pressure of the Demon Race's invasion, so everyone was working hard. They didn't have any thoughts of splitting up. They all knew that they had to be united. Otherwise, if the Devil Calamity broke out again, there would be no chance of survival.

If there was external pressure, then the country's potential could be unleashed. If there was no pressure, then everyone would be at ease.

"How are you going to punish me?" Gu Chensha asked. He knew that Xing Qiongshi might act against him. Sure enough, as soon as he finished speaking, Xing Qiongshi flicked his finger. Rumble!

The entire space between heaven and earth was covered by this finger. Winds and clouds surged within the dimensional world, and murderous energy filled the air. It was as if in this moment, Gu Chensha was no longer the ruler of this dimensional world, but Xing Qiongshi.

This sort of illusion made Gu Chensha believe it to be true. He thought that the dimensional world had been taken away, and that he was being spurned and rejected by the world.

Then, he saw a finger pressing down on him like a collapsing heavenly pillar. His surroundings were boundless, and he was actually unable to dodge it.

In the blink of an eye, this finger covered the entire universe. Everything in the world had nowhere to run or hide.

This was Xing Qiongshi's true power, as well as his terrifying cultivation. This was the first time that Gu Chensha had fought with the Divine Prefecture's Number Fiercest head-on. Even though he was in his own dimensional world, he still felt helpless. The pressure that Xing Qiongshi gave him wasn't even on the same level as Dou Yiyu. Kill!

As Gu Chensha sensed his aura, the power within his body rose steadily. He had no choice but to use his full strength to deal with Xing Qiongshi's casual finger.