Chapter 750
===========

"From today onwards, you are members of the Heaven Mending Association."

He planted the Law Talisman in their minds. Basically, if they had any thoughts, they would have to go through an audit. If they had any thoughts against Gu Chensha, they would be monitored and even destroyed. This way, these people would have to strictly follow Gu Chensha's orders. There would be no unfavorable factors. Actually, it was the same for managing the world.

Not everyone would support the government. There were even many ambitious people who wanted to deal with the government. But because of the power and the law, they did not dare to do anything.

Gu Chensha did not need these people to be truly enlightened. He only needed to establish order, spiritual order.

"Who exactly are you?"

Lei Ye's face was pale. "You are not Chen Mojun. Even the ancestor of the Chen family does not have such methods." "I am indeed not Chen Mojun. My name is Gu Chensha."

A smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "Don't worry about other things. You just need to know that I am stronger than the Thunder God that your family worships.

"Follow me, worship me, believe in me, and push forward my path of mending the heavens. I will give you great benefits." Now, I will teach you a cultivation technique called the Human Dragon Fist. This Dao can raise your aptitude.

In a breath's time, you can step into the Dao Realm. Also, I have a few Human Dragon Pills here. After you consume them and use them with the Human Dragon Fist, your cultivation will be stronger and your progress will be faster. "

As he spoke, Gu Chensha made a grabbing motion. Instantly, patches of chaotic energy appeared in the air. This chaotic energy gathered into a ball, as if it was the source of all things. Gu Chensha's magic power seeped into the chaotic energy and began to refine it.

Not long after, many medicinal ingredients were extracted, and then gathered into pills one after another. These were Human Dragon Pills.

In theory, chaotic energy was all-encompassing. As long as there was enough magic power and world power, anything could be refined from it.

If Gu Chensha could become a Celestial Venerable, he would probably be able to grab a ball of chaotic energy and refine a god-level expert from it.

Of course, this was the ability of his Heavenly Dao technique. It was impossible for an ordinary Empyrean to create a god.

At this time, Gu Chensha finally understood. Back then, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor told him that it wouldn't be difficult for him to turn them into gods.

Right now, Gu Chensha was casually grabbing the fusion elemental energy and using his magic power to refine the Human Dragon Pill. To him, this was child's play. It was as simple as playing house.

"Human Dragon Sword! Come on! Human Dragon Armor! Come on! "

At this moment, he once again grabbed his fusion elemental energy and extracted the armor and flying sword from it.

"After you wear this Pill Sword Armor, even a Dao Realm 18 Transformation Golden Core Great Dao expert won't be able to do anything to you."

With a wave of his hand, Gu Chensha bestowed the sword and armor to this group of people. "After we return, immediately subdue your Hero Society and change it to the Heaven Mending Association."

"That's the legendary ability to absorb primordial chaos and refine all living things. That's the power of the Gods, the Dao Realm's 31st Transformation, Creation from Nothing!"

Although Lei Ye's cultivation was low, he seemed to have seen the ancient records. When he thought about it, he nearly scared himself to death.

He had just reached the Dao Realm not long ago and had just stepped through the door of cultivation. Not to mention the God Realm, even those who had reached the sixth transformation of the Dao Realm, the Xiantian Gang Qi, were supreme experts to him.

"Go."

After Gu Chensha recruited these few people, he waved his sleeves and disappeared. He wasn't afraid that the few of them would expose him at all.

To him, these few people were just casually recruited. What he wanted to do was bigger things. In the future, he would create mountains and rivers and change the God Land. First, he would do something like the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

"Let's meet Wen Hong first. He is still the Emperor of the God Land." Gu Chensha's body turned into an invisible power and he immediately arrived at the palace.

Although the palace wasn't as big as the one in the real world, it gave off a majestic aura. There were many experts and at the center, there was actually the aura of the Emperor. Gu Chensha sensed the aura of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

He had obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman in the real world and cultivated the Emperor God Sealing Technique, so he had a deep sense of the talisman. Although there were many hidden experts in the palace, to Gu Chensha, they weren't much. Even a Sky Venerable might not be able to kill him.

Right now, Gu Chensha had comprehended the rotation of the sun and moon, the profound principles of the creation of the universe, and the transformations of the Heavenly Dao. There was nothing he couldn't do. Although he hadn't advanced to the Divine level yet, he wasn't far from it. After entering this dream world, he had more comprehensions than when he was in the real world.

"Let's see what Wen Hong is doing and what his cultivation is." Gu Chensha ran towards the center of the palace.

In a simple study room, there was a majestic person who sat in front of a table and seemed to be reading documents.

From the Emperor's study room, it was really simple and clear. It was used to rule the world in peace. It was none other than Wen Hong.

Gu Chensha observed quietly. In the real world, Wen Hong's aura was like the starry sky because he cultivated the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art. His aura was vast, and he seemed to be the true master of the stars. His comprehension of the Dao of the Stars even surpassed that of Zhuge Ya.

And now, Wen Hong didn't seem to have comprehended the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art. Instead, he was cultivating the Emperor God Sealing Technique.

This Wen Hong had the world in his heart and was filled with worry. It was as if he had a heavy burden on his shoulders. He couldn't be happy.

After reading the documents on the table, Wen Hong looked up. The worry on his face grew more and more serious. "The roads are not smooth, the rivers are overflowing, and there are many disasters. I want to dredge the rivers and widen the roads, but because of the gods, there are many aristocratic families. There are mountain gods in the mountains, river gods in the rivers, and land in the earth. The slightest movement will destroy the fengshui. Even if I am the Emperor, I can't turn back if I want to rule the world. " "That's simple. I'll help you.

The gods must be sealed, the sacrifices must be destroyed, and the world's waterways must be connected. "Gu Chensha suddenly spoke.

"Who is it?"

A huge aura emanated from Wen Hong's body, instantly enveloping the layers of space. But he couldn't catch a trace of Gu Chensha. But Gu Chensha took the initiative to reveal himself.

"Which expert is it?"

Wen Hong's cultivation level was already extremely high, reaching the Sage Realm. But he couldn't catch Gu Chensha's aura. Immediately, he knew that this was a true peerless expert.

"I am Gu Chensha. Greetings to the Emperor."

Gu Chensha cupped his hands. "I see that the Emperor is deeply worried and that the people of the world are uneasy. I have specially come to assist the Emperor in forging an unprecedented cause." "Who are you?" Wen Hong's eyes were piercing, and they instantly enveloped Gu Chensha.

"The Sun Moon Dragon Eye of the Emperor's God Sealing Technique?"

Gu Chensha was very familiar with it. His eyes also pierced with a piercing light. The two gazes collided in the air, and in an instant, they disappeared into nothingness.

"You actually know the Emperor's God Sealing Technique? How is that possible?"

At this moment, Wen Hong was truly shocked. "Since ancient times, the Emperor's God Sealing Technique can only be used by those who have the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman. It is the number one martial art. What is your background? " "I am Gu Chensha."

Gu Chensha continued. "Uncle Wen, you might not understand my background. I will tell you the truth now. As for whether you believe it or not, that's none of my business." As he spoke, Gu Chensha transmitted all the thoughts in the real world to Wen Hong.

Wen Hong frowned and accepted the thoughts. Gradually, an extremely shocked expression appeared on his face. "How is that possible?

You are saying that a few decades ago, a person called Gu Taxian appeared out of nowhere and twisted the Heavenly Dao, causing the River of Fate to change. And in the era I live in, that actually doesn't exist. That is the real world? " "That's right."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Uncle Wen is indeed a Sage. You quickly understood what I wanted to tell you. When you reach the Sage Realm, it is actually not difficult to understand.

However, if Uncle Wen wants to accept all this, I am afraid it will be very difficult. But I know the Emperor's God Sealing Technique, and with my Heavenly Dao Technique, Uncle Wen should know that what I said is not false. " "Unbelievable."

Wen Hong closed his eyes and thought for a while. "Of course I doubt whether what you said is true or false. If it is true, it is really shocking. If it is false, you must have some ulterior motives. However, the Gu Taxian you described, the series of methods he carried out to govern the world is majestic. You said that you can also do this. Why don't you help me govern the world?" "As expected of Uncle Wen."

Gu Chensha praised. "What I said is not to distinguish the truth from the lies, but to extract the valuable existences from it and immediately change the topic to governing the world.

This is in line with my intentions. I want to break out of this illusory world and spread the Dao of Heaven Mending. At the same time, I will help Wen Hong circulate the Emperor's Dao.

"Also, Uncle Wen, in the real world, you have cultivated the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Technique and it has been completely perfected. I will now impart it to you. Although the Emperor's God Sealing Technique is the number one martial art, because it is bound and controlled by the Heavenly Dao, as long as the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman leaves, all the power will be absorbed by the talisman. Therefore, Uncle Wen must once again comprehend the Great Dao that is truly suitable for you." With that said, Gu Chensha also imparted the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Technique.

The current him could do whatever he wanted in this dream world. He did not care about anything and did whatever he wanted without any restrictions.

Wen Hong accepted the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Technique and felt that it was extremely compatible with him. It was as if it was created for him. In a breath, the technique was already on him.