Chapter 717
===========

Five Connate Spirit Treasures, Immortal Master Wan's Essence, Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha's Universe of the Sun and Moon, and all the cultivation of a Martial Emperor were fused together. Although it couldn't be said to be a Celestial Lord level King of Common People, it shouldn't be too difficult to create a puppet equivalent to the Dao Realm Thirty-Six Transformations.

After all, Martial Emperor himself was at the peak of 36 Transformations. He might have even stepped into Celestial Lord Realm.

Gu Chensha stole all his cultivation and gathered it into one body. Along with his own methods, he would definitely be able to create a strong puppet.

"My strength, my realm, my cultivation, all of it is gone. Even my Divergent Heart is gone! They're all gone. I'm now a completely ordinary person. "

The Martial Emperor looked at his hands in despair. He had encountered another calamity. This time, he had no confidence to recover. All of his confidence had collapsed.

"Martial Emperor, don't be discouraged. This strength isn't yours but Wan Senshi gave it to you. You have to accumulate it bit by bit. If you want to change your beliefs, I can still nurture you and make you a pillar of our Wu Family. Our Wu Family needs to change our beliefs and work with the Imperial Court. I will lead the team and let the Wu Family participate in the management of the Imperial Court and not go against it."

Martial Saint said, "Although Jingxian Si stole your strength, to you, it is the same as abandoning some karma and glory, allowing you to be a new person."

"Not bad, Martial Saint revives and can revitalize the Wu Family, allowing the Wu Family to shine once more. Martial Path will be deeply ingrained in the hearts of the people, like the Buddhist Sect's new Zen culture, merging it into our Yongchō civilization.

In the end, it will allow the Wu Family to shine once more, allowing the ancient Wu Family to shine once more. This is a chance for the Wu Family to develop. Abandon all the aristocratic families in the past. "

Gu Chensha knew that the aristocratic families were a cancer, but wiping them out was the same as destroying one's own wall. After all, the aristocratic families were the source of the world's civilization. Much of the essence of human history was in them. There weren't thousand-year dynasties, but there were thousands of years of aristocratic families.

If all the aristocratic families in the world were to be exterminated, it would be a huge loss to human civilization and culture. It would be best if all the aristocratic families in the world were to submit and reform, just like the Buddhist Sect reform.

In the past, the Buddhist Sect emphasized on being a monk. Now, they emphasized on cultivating at home. There was no difference between being a monk and cultivating at home. In this way, not only did the Buddhist Sect not die out, but it also flourished.

Regardless of whether it was the Wu Clan or the Dharma Saint, they could all do the same. However, the Martial Saint was willing to do so, but the Dharma Saint was unwilling.

The Martial Sage waved his sleeve and sucked the Martial Emperor into his sleeve. This was clearly to protect him.

No matter what, the Martial Emperor was still the Wu Clan's most outstanding disciple. As long as the Martial Saint could be nurtured again, the Martial Emperor would still be of great help to the clan's revitalization.

"It's all thanks to you this time. If it weren't for the help of your Heavenly Dao, I'm afraid I would have fallen into the Sun-Moon Lord's trap and fallen into oblivion forever."

The Martial Sage cupped his hands and said, "I've been reborn after a calamity. Now that I've come back to life, I still need to investigate and understand the situation in the world. Only then will I be able to understand the bigger picture. Right now, everything under the heavens is under the control of the Celestial Tranquility Department. I wonder if you would be willing to be the host for once? You want me to observe the people's livelihood and the politics of the imperial court? " "That's not a problem at all."

Gu Chensha was also sizing up the Martial Sage. He discovered that the Martial Sage's cultivation was still at the peak of the 36 Transformations. He was at the Embodiment Transformation Realm and was similar to a Martial Emperor. However, if he were to fight with a Martial Emperor, Gu Chensha felt that he would definitely win. This was because the Martial Sage had an innate spirit, great ideals, great thinking, and great insight. It wasn't something that a Martial Emperor could compare to.

However, the Martial Sage hadn't cultivated to become a Heavenly Venerate. Originally, if the Sun-Moon Lord, Gu Chensha, continued to activate the power of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand, the Martial Sage might be able to follow the Dharma Saint and advance to become a Heavenly Venerate. However, Wan Senshi had interrupted him.

Of course, as long as the Martial Sage advanced to the Heavenly Venerate Realm, it would mean that he would be completely controlled by Gu Chensha. Right now, the Martial Sage had broken free from the restraints.

The Martial Sage was an ancient Saint. Now that he had been resurrected, his might would naturally be boundless. Moreover, he was the Wu Clan's old ancestor. If he could be used well and have a good relationship with the imperial court, not only would it be a great role model for the world's aristocratic families, but it could also increase the strength of the Tranquil Immortal Department.

"However, if the Wu Clan wants to integrate the true essence and thoughts into the imperial court's culture, there is one person who is a huge obstacle. He is also a disciple of your Wu Clan." Gu Chensha said.

"Wu Dangkong?" The Martial Sage knew who Gu Chensha was talking about.

Wu Dangkong was the person who had obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. Now, her cultivation had gradually reached a profound level. She had cooperated with the Dharma Saint and obtained many resources. Although she had completely lost her power in the imperial court, the strength that she had accumulated in secret was no small matter. Originally, the Martial Emperor had obtained the control of the Martial Sage's Paradise with the help of Wan Senshi. However, now that the Martial Emperor had been crippled and had become an ordinary person, Wan Senshi wouldn't help him. The control of the Wu Clan might fall into the hands of Wu Dangkong.

The Martial Sage might have been resurrected, but Gu Chensha knew that with the Martial Sage's cultivation, it would be hard for him to deal with the Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong's cooperation.

Thinking about it, the North Star Demon Primogenitor possessed the Five-Element Small Chiliocosm and had deep accumulations. It was unknown how many times stronger the Martial Sage was, but it was still suppressed by the Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong. If it wasn't for Gu Chensha's sudden appearance, the North Star Demon would have become the Dharma Saint's possession.

The Martial Sage was far inferior to the North Star Demon now. Wu Dangkong might be able to defeat him if he made a move. The Heaven Sacrificial Decree's power was gradually developed by Wu Dangkong.

This was a treasure that was equivalent to the Great Chiliocosm. It wasn't as simple as it was in the hands of Gu Chensha.

Back then, the Heaven Sacrificial Decree couldn't unleash the power to confer titles to gods and suppress the heavens in Gu Chensha's hands. That was because Gu Chensha's cultivation was too low. He didn't even cultivate magic power and only had the Ten Transformations Dao Realm.

Later on, his cultivation gradually increased, but the Heaven Sacrificial Decree had already flown away. Right now, Wu Dangkong had already cultivated to the God Realm.

Using the God Realm to control the Heaven Sacrificial Decree might not be able to unleash its full power, but it was still many times stronger than Gu Chensha back then.

The God Realm's World Power was an extremely high-level power. Between life and death, it could unleash the power of any primordial treasures to the fullest.

"That's right, it's Wu Dangkong."

Gu Chensha said, "This woman's ambition is huge and she isn't any weaker than the Sun Moon Lord. Right now, she is constantly expanding and accumulating her strength. She is planning to make a comeback one day. To her, the Wu Clan must be subdued. There are so many disciples in the Wu Clan. If all of them provide faith to her, her ability to activate the Heaven Sacrificial Decree will be quite impressive."

Within the Wu Clan's Minor Chiliocosm, the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven, there were millions or even tens of millions of Wu Clan disciples. It was equivalent to a small country.

Tens of millions of Wu Clan disciples were all of the Wu Clan's bloodline. Such pure faith was indeed a considerable number for the Heaven Sacrificial Decree.

Wu Dangkong had long wanted to control the Wu Clan. There was a period of time when his wish was fulfilled. However, the situation changed and he completely lost control.

"Wu Dangkong is indeed a unique existence in our Wu Clan. She actually obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. I can't understand it no matter how I think about it. With her temperament, cultivation, and comprehension of cultivation, they are actually very shallow. She has great ambition but little talent. However, she just happened to obtain the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. It's a little strange. It seems like the Heaven Sacrificial Decree chose her out of desperation." Even the Martial Saint couldn't see through the changes of the Heavenly Dao.

"If that's the case, I'll capture this woman one day and take back the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. Then, everything will be revealed. This Decree is a scourge. In the ancient era, it indeed made the Son of Heaven. However, when the Decree left, it absorbed all of the Son of Heaven's cultivation and cultivation. This is equivalent to feeding the Son of Heaven and Earth before killing him. The Sons of Heaven in the past were all existences that gathered the Great Fortune of the Heavens and Earth. All of them were absorbed by the Heaven Sacrificial Decree at their most glorious moment.

Through the generations, I don't know how much fate energy has been accumulated. "Gu Chensha said," In the depths of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree, there must be the life essence left by the ancient Son of Heaven. If all of it is excavated and injected into someone's body, that person will probably reach a terrifying level. " "That's what the Dharma Saint is planning."

The Martial Saint closed his eyes and pondered for a while, "The Heavenly Dao is currently changing crazily, creating a brand new order. Maybe one day, there will be a loophole in the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. At that time, the Dharma Saint will take advantage of the loophole and take away everything. With Wu Dangkong's wisdom, she is far inferior to the Dharma Saint. Maybe she thinks that she can contend with the Dharma Saint. Unfortunately, she is a member of my Wu Clan. My understanding of her far exceeds her understanding of herself.

The Dharma Saint and I have fought side by side for many years. We dealt with the Demon Race, the Demon Race, and even the Gods to protect the human race. I know the wisdom of the Dharma Saint very well. His wisdom is above mine. That's why he is number one among the Saints. " The Martial Saint didn't think highly of Wu Dangkong at all.

"This is all because Wu Dangkong is courting death. However, if Lord Martial Saint is able to reform her, then we still have to put in a final effort. If she is able to repent, it will be a good thing. If not, then we have to suppress her to prevent her from being absorbed by the Dharma Saint." As Gu Chensha spoke, he started the process of refining a new puppet. Swoosh! At that moment, Lou Baiyue appeared.

She arrived under the World Tree. With a wave of her palm, the Microscopic World instantly condensed into a form and was directly inserted into the World Tree as a supplement.

After a Microscopic World was devoured by the World Tree, the World Tree immediately circulated violently. From within, a human figure was born. This human figure seemed to be the combination of Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha. Not only did it have a handsome face, but it also had the temperament of mending the heavens and reforming the heavens. There were circles of light behind this human figure's head. They were colorful halos of light. This was somewhat similar to the God of Wishes.

This human figure was born from the world. It seemed to be a fruit. It hung on a branch and then dropped down, arriving in front of Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha.

Then, Lou Baiyue kept producing Microscopic World. This Microscopic World was absorbed by the World Tree. Then, it turned into rainbows and was injected into the human figure's body.

Important Notice: This is a free app of this site. No ads, no errors, fast updates. Members synchronize their bookshelves. Text size adjustment. Reading brightness adjustment. Better reading experience. Please follow the official WeChat account. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader!