Chapter 2
=========

Dragon Talisman was close to 400,000 words and was about to be published once more. This was my eighth book.

The first book was "Buddha Is the Way", followed by "The Witch of Black Mountain", "The Romance of the Dragon and Snake", "Yang God", "Eternal Life", "Holy King", "Emperor of the Cosmos", and then "Dragon Symbol". It had been ten years since the first chapter of "Buddha Is the Way" was published on the 20th of February, 2006. He had published a new book, published it, finished it, then another new book, published it again, and finished it again … For an experienced person like me, there is really nothing much to say.

Actually, I also wrote a short chapter called Fist Suppressing Mountains and Rivers. I suddenly realized that short chapters were more suitable for me. Long chapters were just too tiring.

However, the ten years of writing books, the most youthful period of his life, had been dedicated to these eight books. It had been a very emotional experience. He had benefited a lot from writing books and had made many friends. There had been a few ups and downs, but the final outcome could be considered satisfactory. Okay, let's not talk about this. Let's talk about Dragon Talisman.

I changed the way I wrote Dragon Talisman. Everyone should have noticed that the pace of the book is a little slower and the supporting characters have spent a lot of time. For example, Heaven Talisman Emperor is much more popular than the main character. This is something that I am really happy about. Dragon Talisman is similar to Sun God but it is totally different.

In terms of the cultivation system, I studied it and came up with the 36 Dao Realm Changes. Each change has a detailed description and theory to support it. After I mentioned it, I welcome other authors to use it to spread the theory.

I have changed the Xianxia and Xuanhuan realms time and time again. Each book has its own new thing but in truth, it is still the same.

I wrote Dragon Talisman slowly. Slow life, slow pace. In the past, the main character was quick and in just a few hundred thousand words, the main character would start to kill everyone.

Especially the short chapter Fist Suppressing Mountains and Rivers. The main character is invincible and no one is his match. Actually, I feel really good writing it like that.

However, although the protagonist of the book, Dragon Fu, was still weak, he had his strengths. He was able to endure, never impatient, and never gave up on himself. No matter what difficulties he faces, he will deal with it calmly and always maintain a calm heart.

This is what I have comprehended in life. The scariest thing about a person is to lose their calm and make mistakes again and again.

Even if the main character is so ordinary, as long as he reflects on himself and works hard, he will have huge achievements. Okay, that is all. I wish all my readers who have followed me for the next 10 years. I hope that in the next 10 years, we can still be together.