Chapter 515
===========

Celestial Dew was something that the Celestial Calmness Department needed very much, as it could be used to nurture all sorts of spirit herbs. It could even be used to strengthen the foundations of many disciples.

For example, when an ordinary person consumed a Human Dragon Pill, it was inevitable that they would not be able to refine it. The pill energy would first be stored in their body, and a portion would fuse with their body as they cultivated. Most of it would be wasted. With the help of the Celestial Dew, an ordinary person would be able to digest all the medicinal energy. However, the Celestial Calmness Department did not have any Celestial Dew now. Celestial Dew was either obtained through sacrifices or obtained from the ancient Heavenly Sons.

And now, Gu Chensha could actually directly create a portion of the Heavenly Dew's characteristics. This was also the authority of the Heavenly Dao. As his cultivation improved, sooner or later, he would be able to create the true Heavenly Dew, as well as the essence of the Earth Milk. Finally, when the Heavenly Dew and the Earth Milk fused together, it would become the 'Water of Heaven and Earth', which had all sorts of wondrous uses.

He waved his hand, and with the Azure Dragon Tower as the center, a cloud flew over. Then, it started raining in a radius of tens of li. This rain was the Celestial Dew that he created, which only had a tenth of the effect.

Although it was only a tenth of the effect, it still had many of the characteristics of the Celestial Dew. When it landed on the ground, many of the strange plants on the ground started to bloom, as if they were very happy. The plants were also in a good mood. Gu Chensha could feel it.

"As expected, this thing that resembles the Celestial Dew was created by this person."

Wang Qingzhu had been paying attention to all the movements. With his cultivation base and divine sense, he could cover the entire Lesser Divine Province. Seeing that it was raining around Cang Biochemical Dragon Tower, Wang Qingzhu was shocked once again, 'Although this is not the true heavenly dew, it still has one-tenth of the true heavenly dew. If it rains in this Lesser Divine Province for a long period of time, wouldn't this place surpass many other blessed lands? Compared to this, the sect that I created is not even worth mentioning. "

Gu Chensha had long sensed Wang Qingzhu's fluctuations, and even knew what he was thinking. He just smiled coldly and wanted to make this person submit step by step.

He had long been secretly controlling this person. As long as he had any ulterior motives, he would be detected, and the curse would activate, turning him into the same state as Ba Jufeng. This Small Divine Prefecture had to be pure and could not tolerate any impurities.

If Wang Qingzhu was sincere in doing things, it would be of great use to the Small Divine Province. After all, a powerhouse of the 26 Transformations "All Techniques Return to One" was very rare.

In the Ape Clan back then, the clan leader, Ape Huang, had only achieved 25 transformations of the "undying body".

Fortunately, with the construction of the Minor God Continent and the layout of the various formations, Jin Suibo had control over the Minor God Continent. With this geographical advantage, even if it was a one on one battle, he might not be afraid of Wang Qingzhu.

There was also Meng Yinyun, who was also a restless factor. Fortunately, she seemed to have gradually gotten used to the creation of the small Shenzhou, and her rebellious heart was much more careful than Wang Qingzhu.

'Gathering over 100,000 cultivators and training them with military methods, it's true that each and every one of their actions are methodical. It's true that they can gather a powerful force. However, the foundation of the Small Divine Province is still rather shallow. If we don't rely on the power of the Life's Wish sphere, an expert with the 27 Transformations of the Seamless Realm would be able to cause great damage, let alone a Divine level expert.' Gu Chensha could naturally see the inadequacies. After every nine transformations, there would be earth-shattering changes.

The first nine transformations, the "Glass Jade Body", needless to say, increased one's lifespan to 300 years.

The second nine transformations, the "Great Path Golden Elixir", increased one's lifespan to 1,000 years.

The third nine transformations, the "Seamless Realm", had the ability to tear apart space, and increased one's lifespan similarly.

If Gu Chensha relied on his own ability, he could easily defeat any expert with the 26 Transformations, but against those with the 27 Transformations, it would be very troublesome.

When one cultivated to that level, each and every move would have the ability to tear apart space, and the accompanying space-tearing power was something that spiritual power could not withstand.

This was equivalent to using Innate Gang Qi to fight against the power of a Golden Elixir. There was no doubt that he would lose, as the difference in quality was too great.

With Gu Chensha here, there was nothing to be afraid of, but after he left, there was still the risk of destruction if an expert of this level came. He did not want anything to happen to the Lesser Divine State.

After all, the defenses of the Lesser Divine State were insufficient, but it had already become a treasure trove, providing a steady stream of oaths and wish power for the Common People's Wish sphere. In time, the sphere's world power would accumulate more and more, and it would be enough for Gu Chensha to squander. He would not be afraid of Immortal level experts, and he would be able to use it to do more things.

"The Heavenly Dew that I created only has a tenth of the spiritual effects of the real Heavenly Dew, and it is still not perfect. It cannot be called Heavenly Dew, let's just call it Lesser Heavenly Dew." Gu Chensha thought about it, "Lesser Divine State, Lesser Heavenly Dew, interesting, interesting."

He modified the plates of this Lesser Divine State, and created a barrier to seal off the Essence Qi. Next, he would have to think of how to expand it again, to expand and purify the wish power.

"A hundred thousand cultivators is still not enough, the population is too small. Right now, this Lesser Divine State with a circumference of hundreds of thousands of miles needs to have a population of at least a hundred million. In the future, when I expand, I will create Lesser Wilderness, Lesser Eastern Wilderness, and Lesser Western Region. I will be able to accommodate more people, "Gu Chensha thought to himself. Of course, he had a plan.

Overseeing this place, he trained more than a hundred thousand cultivators every day, and at the same time, he taught them all kinds of knowledge and cultivation techniques. Time passed quickly, and another three months passed.

Nothing much happened in the world, and it continued to develop peacefully. Gu Tanjian, Wu Dangkong, Crown Prince Gu Xuansha, and even the Legalism Dharma Saint, Wu Clan, Martial Emperor, Black Heaven and Earth Sect, Nest of 10,000 Dragons, Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, and the Devil Race were all lying in wait, waiting for a huge opportunity. He was also waiting.

Under his watch over the Lesser Divine State for the past three months, almost tens of thousands of people had been transferred over from other Celestial Sects.

After some calculations, it had reached a hundred and fifty thousand cultivators. However, for the vast Lesser Divine State, this number was still a little too little.

He was now personally chanting scriptures every day, covering the entire Lesser Divine State. All the cultivators were nourished by his scriptures, and their cultivation was improved. Moreover, they were more and more in agreement with his ideals. Even Wang Qingzhu, who had the highest cultivation, was less rebellious.

The Lesser Divine State had been established for a long time, and for the first few months, Gu Chensha was comprehending the mysteries in the sphere. He did not personally lead the team, and only in these three months, he personally led the team to train. Jin Suibo, on the other hand, was comprehending the Great Divine State Technique.

He himself had obtained the Seventy-Two Great Divine State Technique, and he had comprehended it for three months. Jin Suibo would probably need to comprehend it for a year, or even a few years.

At this time, Jin Suibo was in the Cang Biochemical Dragon Pagoda. His body changed, and he deduced various images of the Lesser Divine State, but they were illusory and not real. They were much worse than the images that Gu Chensha had deduced. It was obvious that he was far from comprehending the supreme essence of the Lesser Divine State Technique.

"If that's the case, I'll lend you a hand!"

Gu Chensha injected a wave of magic power into Jin Suibo's transformed body. "After cultivating for so long, my peaceful days might be coming to an end. Xing Qianxiong is also in the Demon Domain, and he might have prepared enough sacrificial materials to activate and obtain the World Burying Coffin. This change is the one that will determine the survival of the Calming Deities Department. If we can successfully obtain the World Burying Coffin, the Calming Deities Department will truly obtain the power to protect ourselves, and we can also pacify the chaotic world and stabilize the prosperous era. If it is obtained by others, the Calming Deities Department's luck will begin to decline, and we might not even have a good ending in the future." The next important thing for the Calming Deities Department was to obtain the World Burying Coffin.

This coffin contained unfathomable and supreme mysteries, and it contained a great amount of power. It even contained the Seven Star profound meaning that Jiang Gongwang had forcefully left behind, and countless treasures. If they could obtain the combined sphere of the Common People's Wish, this sphere would possess power that could completely rival the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, and it would become their strongest trump card. This time, it could be said that only success was allowed, and failure was not allowed.

Actually, in all these years of cultivation, Zhuge Ya had always been able to summon it, but he did not have much confidence, so he did not activate it.

This time, Wu Dangkong recruited Jiang Qi, and then Xing Qiongshi set up a trap, and Zhuge Ya set up another trap, all for the sake of fighting for the World Burying Coffin.

After being infused with Gu Chensha's huge magic power, Jin Suibo was cleansed. In an instant, thousands of twists and turns, and a violent sound exploded from within. He turned into a divine dragon, and wandered in the air. Then, he turned into a clear picture of the mountains and rivers of the divine continent, and once again condensed into his own body.

After comprehending the Great Divine Continent Technique, he had already achieved some small success.

"Thank you, Your Highness, for using your magic power to enlighten me." Jin Suibo knelt on one knee, and his heart was filled with gratitude.

"It is reasonable for me to help you."

Gu Chensha's voice rang out. "In these three months, I have managed the Little Divine Continent to a state of prosperity. The rest is up to you." "I will not fail you." Jin Suibo was now filled with great confidence.

Gu Chensha gave Jin Suibo a few more instructions, then leaped up and disappeared. He turned into a cool breeze and a cloud, heading straight for the Divine Central Plains.

The construction of the Little Divine Continent was now on the right track. After three months of refinement, Gu Chensha had connected the leylines in the sea, and the various formations were working together. More than a hundred and fifty thousand cultivators had gone through military training, and were familiar with daily life. As long as Jin Suibo operated according to Gu Chensha's methods, and continued to operate, the Little Divine Continent would be able to expand steadily.

Gu Chensha went to the Central Plains again to see what Gu Tanjian, Wu Dangkong, and the others were up to.

As expected, when he arrived in the Central Plains, he suddenly received a message from Gu Tanjian. He was actually in the old capital city, summoning him. At the same time, he also received a message from Wu Dangkong, who was also in the old capital city.

"These people have finally gathered. What do they want?" Gu Chensha was puzzled, but he knew that his chance had come.

He landed in the old capital city, and arrived at the branch of the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce. It was the place where Dou Nineteen and Wu Dangkong had last discussed.