Chapter 548
===========

With Scarlet Cloud Mystic Sect's Gu Chensha's current cultivation, he had absolute confidence in breaking it down. He just needed some time. What the Calm Celestial Department lacked now was time.

Over the past few days, the various factions could be said to be closing in on them step by step. Wu Dangkong, Wu Clan, Wu Clan, Dharma Saint, Legalism, Devil Race, Demon Race, Immortal Dao, Dou Nineteen, and so on came one after another. They almost didn't give the Calm Immortal Department any time to breathe.

Gu Chensha used all his skills to fight for such a situation. He turned the Common People's Wish Sphere into a small world and formed the Wish God on the Wish Tree. He also made Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, and Jin Suibo all become Natural Saints. Such a faction had already formed the shape of an empire.

The establishment of the Common People's Hope Academy and the Small China Continent provided the sphere with an endless supply of Wish Power. Wish Power was purer than faith power and had more room for development.

Although it wasn't as majestic as the Son of Heaven Energy, it was endless and was most suitable for the Common People's Wish Sphere to develop.

Moreover, the Wish Tree was developed by many ancient Emperors and the Lord of Seven Stars. They hoped to surpass the Heaven Monster Tree and rely on the Wish God to replace the Emperors to rule the world.

The ancient Emperors knew that Wish Power was more suitable for the development of all living beings.

Gu Chensha had a deep understanding of Soul Power. He was knowledgeable and had deep comprehension. In the future, his achievements would be limitless. Even supreme experts like Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan felt that Gu Chensha would definitely be above them in the future.

"Wish Power!"

Gu Chensha grabbed and instantly, the Wish Power that was flowing towards the Azure Dragon Tower was grabbed over.

This Wish Power couldn't be seen by the naked eye of a normal person. Only when one cultivated the Dao Realm Transformation 11 Soul Tentacles and released their mental energy into tentacles would one be able to see that the Wish Power was golden. It was like molten gold, sticky and heavy. Wish force was a type of essence that was extracted from spirit force.

Gu Chensha toyed with the will power. Suddenly, his Heavenly Dao magic activated, and flames appeared, wrapping around the will power and refining it. Instantly, within the golden will power, there was a lot of black smoke, as well as a rainbow-colored light, which dissipated into the air. The will power became very small, but it shone with golden light. It was even purer, as if all the impurities had been removed.

As this small ball of Wish Power shone with golden light, it even let out a faint sound of wishing. The sound was firm and powerful, filled with the spirit of striving to change the world.

Of course, ordinary people would still not be able to see the golden light imbued with the power of will. At this moment, what ordinary people would see would be Gu Chensha refining a mass of air.

"Your Highness's method of purifying the Power of Will is brilliant. This subordinate is impressed." Jin Suibo could naturally see the changes in the Power of Will.

In truth, after one cultivated to the 14th transformation, Astral Soul Projection, the heaven and earth one saw would be different from normal cultivators. After cultivating to the 20th transformation, Gathering and Scattering Impermanence, one would be able to see the essence of the laws of the world.

"Suibo, look, the power of will of all living beings is really magical."

Gu Chensha pointed and the two of them looked towards the entire Small God Continent. Instantly, the prayers, oaths, and wishes of many cultivators appeared in their eyes.

The most magnificent one was the original Hun Qing Sect sect leader, Wang Qingzhu. He was at the 26th transformation of Dao Realm, 10,000 Techniques Return to One. He was a top talent, otherwise, how could he have become one of the top 100 Xuan Sect sect leaders?

He was subdued by Gu Chensha and was forced to activate the formation every day. While injecting power into the Small God Continent, he also had to read the Universal Life Purification Scripture every day.

Once this scripture was read, it would merge into one's mind, triggering one's vow and Wish Power that would charge into the sky.

This was because the contents of the scripture were the essence of Gu Chensha's Common People Immortal Technique. As the saying went, if the Heavens were lacking, common people would make up for it.

At this moment, Wang Qingzhu was chanting a scripture. His body emitted a golden stream of will power that was as thick as a water bucket. It shot up into the sky and only stopped when it reached the boundary of the Minor God Prefecture. It gathered in the sky and finally merged with the will power of many cultivators before falling into the Biohazard Dragon Pagoda.

"Wang Qingzhu's Wish Power isn't pure. It is obvious that he is unhappy."

When Jin Suibo saw this, he laughed coldly. "Although the power of will he emitted was gold, there was a hint of black within the gold. That black wasn't the power of will, but rather a curse and an evil aura. Clearly, he hated us. Apart from that, there were also some colors. Those were his distracting thoughts. He was thinking about how to escape, and even causing destruction. Once he has a chance, he will cause trouble. He is not as pure as a fish. " While speaking, Jin Suibo pointed at a fish in a pond. The Small God Continent had many lakes and ponds that connected to the ocean.

The fish that Jin Suibo was pointing at was a very ordinary fish. It had developed a part of its intelligence, and it could also chant scriptures and pray. As it prayed diligently, after a long time, an extremely thin strand of wish power emerged from its body. It was thinner than silk, and there was almost no wish power at all. It seemed like it would dissipate at any moment. This was incomparable to Wang Qingzhu's Wish Power.

As Wang Qingzhu chanted the scripture, a huge golden Power of Will that was as thick as a water bucket soared into the sky like a volcanic eruption, rolling endlessly. However, this sea fish only managed to condense an insignificant strand of Power of Will that was thinner than silk after a long time.

From this, it could be seen that the higher one's aptitude and cultivation, the stronger the Wish Power. In the end, the difference was like heaven and earth.

However, this Wish Power was very pure and had almost no impurities. It could be seen that this fish's heart was pure.

"Everything can be fake, but the human heart cannot. This is the amazing part. "

Gu Chensha said, "By observing the Wish Power of all living beings in this Small God Continent, I can see through everyone's thoughts. In the long run, my cultivation will definitely rise.

This Wang Qingzhu was naturally unconvinced, but there was no other way. His Wish Power was not pure. If it was another sect, it would take a lot of effort to purify the negative emotions in his Wish Power. The gains did not make up for the losses. However, the Tree of Hope did not matter. The negative emotions would also be absorbed, but it would be refined into some treasured talismans filled with curses. It would be the most effective when used to attack enemies in the future.

For example, the Devil Race has always been gathering the Devil Heart Prison Thunder Sphere to gather the destructive emotions in the hearts of the devils. With one strike of lightning, our Common People's Wish Sphere will be destroyed. " Gu Chensha had calculated everything.

"I'll go beat up that Wang Qingzhu!"

Jin Suibo's body moved and he landed in the center of the Small God Continent. Wang Qingzhu was chanting there. Gu Chensha didn't stop him.

After an hour, it was unknown how Jin Suibo had coerced and enticed Wang Qingzhu, but suddenly, the Power of Will that Wang Qingzhu sent out became much purer. There were no longer any negative emotions, and it was also much larger. It was no longer as thick as a bucket, but as thick as a water jar.

It was obvious that the Dragon Tower started to creak when it was struck by the Wish Power. It wasn't the sound of it breaking apart but it was a joyous sound.

"A Dao Realm 26 Transformations All Techniques Return to One cultivator can send out such vast Wish Power? How strong would the Wish Power of a God Realm expert be? "

Gu Chensha tried to figure it out. Unfortunately, even if a Deity realm expert suppressed him, he wouldn't automatically release the Power of Will. How was it possible to convince a Deity realm expert? Sou! Jin Suibo flew back.

"What did you say to him?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Your Highness, I first displayed my innate Sage aptitude to shock him. Then, I told him that Your Highness has already obtained the Sacred Dragon Qi and even mastered the Sacred Dragon Heart Technique, which can raise one's aptitude to the realm of an innate Sage. Moreover, I have already implemented a management system in the Small Divine Province, which is the contribution system. Based on one's Wish Power contribution, I will design a merit system.

The more Power of Will contributed, the greater the Merit Value. Apart from that, alchemy, medicine refinement, planting, converting living beings, and so on were also counted as Merit Value.

In the future, we will reward based on merit. The more merit one has, the more rewards one will get. If one has enough merit, one can even exchange for things.

Even Saint Dragon Energy is possible. After he heard about it, he wanted to exchange for it. "Jin Suibo said," These are my thoughts and I hope that you can help me. " "Very good, not bad. That is how it should be implemented. Without rules, nothing can be done.

Give everyone hope, give them a goal, lure them with benefits, and move them with righteousness. That is the right way. "

Gu Chensha naturally agreed. He had thought about this long ago, but he did not have the time to implement it. "Go ahead and do it. Manage this Small God Continent. It will be of great use." "I will definitely not let you down."

Jin Suibo had advanced to become a Natural Born Saint and was filled with satisfaction. He was about to let loose and do something big, "This subordinate thinks that this Small Divine Province needs to be reorganized. In the future, the amount of Wish Energy produced should be at least double of what it is now. Prince, please see how this subordinate manages it.

"That's good."

Gu Chensha felt that there was nothing more to say. "My incarnation will remain here. However, my real body will go to the Old Capital City to see how Gu Tanjian, Wu Dangkong, Xuan An, and Fa Wuxian are going to deal with us." "These traitors have wild ambitions." Jin Suibo's face was filled with killing intent.

Gu Chensha nodded. The entire incarnation merged with the Azure Dragon Tower. His real body left the Small God Continent and headed to the Old Capital City.

The Azure Dragon Tower was not a powerful treasure. It was just a temporary tower of suppression that he created. However, as the Small God Continent operated, the 200,000 cultivators here gathered Wish Power, and Gu Chensha's incarnation continued to refine it. Slowly, it started to show its wonders.

The Small God Continent continued to absorb all kinds of powers, living beings, and cultivators. In the end, it became a huge monster. Gu Chensha went all the way to the Old Capital City. He naturally turned into 'Wu Dang Xing'.

The real 'Wu Dang Xing' was imprisoned in the Life's Wish Sphere. Occasionally, he would be released to do other things. Wu Dang Xing had been brainwashed.