Chapter 624
===========

"Sure enough, Longevity God was deceived by me. He actually took me into his world of dust. Isn't this the same as leading a wolf into the house?"

Gu Chensha said, "I have already used this trick to deal with Xing Qianxiong and Martial Emperor. Both of them have fallen into my hands. Although Longevity God is powerful, compared with Martial Emperor, he is still far behind."

Martial Emperor himself was at the peak of the thirty-six transformations. He was in the realm of Free Form Transformation. Later on, he encountered a tribulation and was reborn. Moreover, he even comprehended the divergent. His many means were amazing. However, he still fell into the hands of Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao made it impossible for him to calculate it.

What's more, the current Gu Chensha was much stronger than before. Thus, dealing with Longevity God was as easy as blowing off the wind.

Of course, Gu Chensha did not want to deal with Longevity God in the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, because it would attract the attention of Wan Senshi. However, since he had come to the core of Longevity God's world of dust, Gu Chensha could use the power of Heavenly Dao to penetrate and obtain all the essence of Longevity God's cultivation.

The three great orthodoxies of Longevity God, Fortune God, and Fortune God had all been seized by Longevity God. Thus, Longevity God's three great orthodoxies were complete. In this way, Gu Chensha could obtain the key cultivation method.

The cultivation method of Longevity God, Fortune God, and Fortune God was related to the destiny of the underworld. This was something that Gu Chensha's current cultivation base could use as a reference.

Of course, Gu Chensha had obtained all of Chang Yuzhou's memories, the Martial Emperor's memories, Jiang Gongwang's memories, and even the Warlock Saint's memories. When all of these things were gathered together, there was nothing he didn't know and his research was extremely profound. Jiang Gongwang's research on the three ancient True Gods was particularly profound.

"Heavenly Dao, Infiltration and Erosion."

Gu Chensha's body moved slightly, and a stream of Heavenly Dao penetrated into the core of the world. Longevity God did not even notice it.

He only felt that Gu Chensha was in his world of dust, obeying his orders, and began to reorganize the creatures, people, and some cultivators in this world. Longevity God itself had a huge sect, and originally occupied a good dao field in East Wasteland.

But when he saw that the situation was not good recently, he moved the dojo into his own dust world so that he could run away at any time.

Longevity God's sect had been in operation for a thousand years and had many experts. The eldest disciple was actually an expert who had cultivated magic power and had reached the 22 transformation of heaven and earth. Twenty-two Transformations of Heaven and Earth. It was enough to establish a sect and accomplish great things. In Gu Chensha's Small Divine Land, there were only a few hundred sect masters at this level.

Although Gu Chensha had received orders from Longevity God, with his Dao Realm Ten Transformation Realm Thousand Tasks at One Heart cultivation, it wasn't much. He couldn't keep his word and he had to discuss it with the disciples of the sect.

Although Longevity God accepted him as a disciple, he couldn't give him any power. Instead, he gave him an official position and let him manage the ordinary people in the dust world.

Longevity God's dust world was huge, and it had tens of millions of people. It was managed well, and everyone was strong. Moreover, the population was showing signs of exploding.

At this time, Gu Chensha was needed to unite the people and strengthen their faith, allowing Longevity God's dust world to accumulate more power. Longevity God was testing Gu Chensha's ability.

As for Gu Chensha, he was stealing Longevity God's world core. In the depths of the world core, the Heavenly Dao Art had already started to seep in.

In less than two hours, Gu Chensha had already started to obtain Longevity God's memories and cultivation technique.

The dust world was the foundation of a god. It contained all the will, experience, principles, and the true soul core of a god realm expert.

"Very good, very good. I've already memorized the orthodoxies of the Fortune, Fortune, and Longevity Gods. Now that I've obtained them, I've made great progress in comprehending the Dao of Destiny. The three True Gods' comprehension of Destiny has given me many inspirations. Moreover, my Heavenly Dao Art is most proficient in simulating Destiny. It can expand infinitely." Gu Chensha had obtained all the secrets of the Fortune and Longevity God in just two hours. He could use his magic power to escape at any time. Shua!

He left behind a small incarnation while his real body came out of the dust world and possessed another cultivator's body.

That cultivator was a rogue cultivator who had reached the 18 Transformation Golden Core Realm. He was called Wanderer Liu Xu.

Gu Chensha directly invaded his Sea of Consciousness, seized all his memories and will in a flash, and directly sealed his true spirit.

According to reason, Gu Chensha could have devoured his true spirit and directly turned him into a substitute. However, he was not the kind of person who would kill innocent people. Of course, the cultivators of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals were not necessarily innocent. Nevertheless, Gu Chensha still left a chance for the other party to survive. First, he used this person's body, and then, after a series of things had been done, he left this person's body. At that time, this person would only feel that he had just had a dream. Furthermore, his body had been transformed by the Heavenly Dao Art, and his cultivation base was extremely powerful.

Rumor had it that the most powerful technique of the Heavenly Demon Clan was the 'Heavenly Demon Possession Technique', which meant that one would be invisible and shapeless. Unknowingly, one would be possessed by a Heavenly Demon. No one could tell that this person was a Heavenly Demon because he had his own memory and cultivation technique, but he had already reincarnated into a Heavenly Demon. Among all the demon clans, the most terrifying one was the Heavenly Demon Clan.

Gu Chensha had seized all the memory of Abandoned Dwarf, which gave him the complete version of the Scripture of Hell Suppression. Therefore, he knew that the last few chapters were about the many divine techniques of the Heavenly Demon Clan, and the Heavenly Demon Possession Technique was one of them. Naturally, Gu Chensha was very familiar with it, as he had long comprehended it. Now, what he was using was no longer the Heavenly Demon Possession Technique, but the Heavenly Dao Possession Technique.

After possessing this Loose Dwarf, Gu Chensha was not in a hurry. This Loose Dwarf was one of the generals of the allied army, and his status was not low. Therefore, he had completely surrendered to Wan Senshi.

"Wan Senshi, since you've crossed the bottom line by attacking my Calming Immortal Department, don't blame me for what I'm going to do.

Perhaps you don't know how powerful I, Gu Chensha, am. If I want to deal with a sect, that sect will basically be wiped out!

I'm going to find an opportunity to use the Heavenly Dao Art and possess every single person in your allied army! And you won't be able to detect it! "

Gu Chensha hated Wan Senshi very much. He had to teach this old antique a lesson that he would never forget. Gu Chensha's current mind could already multitask a hundred million times.

Logically speaking, if it was a cultivator at the Ten Transformations of Dao realm who could multitask a thousand times, he could possess one hundred thousand of them.

In other words, if there were one hundred thousand cultivators at the Ten Transformations of Dao realm who could multitask a thousand times, Gu Chensha could possess all of them in an instant and turn them into his incarnations.

In this way, Wan Senshi would not know that all of his army of one hundred thousand cultivators were Gu Chensha.

Of course, the mind of a Gold Core expert could probably multitask a hundred million times, and Gu Chensha could only possess ten thousand people.

However, as Gu Chensha's cultivation improved, his ability to possess others would become stronger and stronger. If he were to advance to the God level, he would probably be able to enter a sect in the future. Everyone in that sect, including the Old Ancestor, would be possessed by him in an instant. Destroying a sect would be that easy. That was why he was so terrifying. Many of the old-timers feared him.

What Zhuge Ya said was true. If Gu Chensha became a God, perhaps Wan Senshi would not even think about dealing with the Department of Tranquility.

Right now, Gu Chensha was only at the Twenty Five Transformations of Undying Form. If he wanted to possess someone, he could only possess someone whose cultivation base was lower than his, or someone who was at the same level as him. Only then would he be able to do it seamlessly and without being seen through.

If someone's cultivation base was higher than Gu Chensha's, then Gu Chensha could possess them. However, it would be impossible for an old antique like Wan Senshi to not be able to see through it.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha had recently used his own methods to gain a great deal of enlightenment. The cultivation base of the Dharma Saint, as well as the Daoist teachings of the True Gods of Fortune, Prosperity, and Longevity added to his knowledge. Now, he could comprehend Divergents at any time.

Originally, after Gu Chensha consumed the heaven-defying Divergent Pill, he almost became a Divergent. After that, he experienced the devil calamity and devoured the memories of a Martial Emperor, gaining the experience of a true Martial Emperor becoming a Divergent. After that, he devoured the will of the Desolate Dragon Gate's decree, and after the tempering of the devil calamity, he cultivated a medium-grade world. As the creator of a medium-grade world, Gu Chensha naturally obtained great benefits. After that, he also obtained the memories of the Dharma Saint, and now he had the Daoist teachings of the Longevity, Prosperity, and Longevity Deities.

So many fortuitous encounters and knowledge were brewing in the depths of his mind, yet they had yet to be fused together. He only lacked an opportunity. As long as this opportunity was reached, he would become a Divergent.

Once he became a Divergent, Gu Chensha's spirit force would most likely increase by several times. At the same time, his cultivation base would also rise greatly.

Thinking about it, because Zhuge Ya had ascended to a medium-grade world, as one of the creators, his cultivation base had advanced by leaps and bounds, leaping through realms and reaching the Deity realm. As for Gu Chensha, he had merely advanced by one realm.

This was because the accumulation in his body was simply too vast, and he hadn't truly started to transform. Dang! Dang! Dang!

Just as Gu Chensha possessed Void Drift Wanderer and obtained all his memories, he began to understand the situation of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals and observe the situation of the 'New Divine Continent' … All of a sudden, the sound of a huge bell rang throughout the 'New Divine Continent'.

"Hmm?" Gu Chensha's heart skipped a beat. He knew that it was Wan Senshi who was calling for a court meeting.

The sound of this bell could be heard all over the 'New Divine Continent'. It was one of Wan Senshi's most precious treasures, called 'Heaven Shocking Bell'. It was an innate magical treasure. Otherwise, it would not have the power to spread throughout the entire Divine Continent.

It should be noted that the area of this' New Divine Continent 'was exactly the same as that of the real Divine Continent of Central Continent. Ordinary magical treasures could not possibly have this kind of power.

"Let's go! Lord Wan Senshi is about to start another court meeting." At this time, many experts flew up and rushed to the capital of the New Divine Continent. However, Gu Chensha was in the capital at the moment.