Chapter 819
===========

In Jing Qiu's eyes, the qi flow of the Divine Central Continent was like a raging fire. However, Devil qi was slowly seeping out from beneath the Sin Province. It was a powerful Devil qi that could attack at any moment, sweep through the entire continent, and destroy everything that the Yongchō had worked so hard to establish.

"The Devil Race is really going all out this time," Jing Qiu thought. "Many Elder Devils that have never been seen since time immemorial have appeared." As he observed, a look of shock appeared on Jing Qiu's face.

He had known that the Devil Race was gathering again for an invasion. However, his cultivation base hadn't been high enough at the time, and he hadn't been able to see through many of their secrets. Now that he was dozens of times stronger, he could sense the auras of Chaos Elder Devils and even more mysterious existences.

"That Gu Chensha of the Celestial Calmness Department is unfathomably strong. He might be able to hold back the Devil Race, but defeating them won't be easy. That's especially true considering that the Devil Race is only one aspect of the attack. The Celestial Calmness Department has too many enemies. The Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, and the Eastern Wastelands Alliance. Besides that, there's also the Emperor Heaven, the Chosen Ones, and many other ancient existences, as well as many Celestial Sovereigns of the Thousand Worlds. Furthermore, there are many old-timers hiding in the depths of the Endless Continent.

"If I use the Devil Disaster as a lure, then they all swarm in.

The Celestial Calmness Department and the Imperial Court will definitely collapse. When that happens, heroes will rise up, and the most chaotic era will come. My chance has come. " Jing Qiu was secretly delighted to see the Devil Race gathering in such large numbers. He wanted to see how the Celestial Calmness Department would deal with them.

Just as he was planning out how to operate and waiting for the final opportunity, a heaven-destroying, earth-shattering sound rang out from the Devil Domain in the depths of the Sin Province. In the blink of an eye, it had spread out through countless space-time. Even with Jing Qiu's cultivation base, he was so startled that he almost fell to the ground. His heart was pounding, and his hair stood on end. He felt like he was about to be scared to death. Then, he saw an incredible scene.

The first layer of the Devil Realm had been completely obliterated. It had completely vanished from the myriad worlds, never to exist again. The stronghold between the first and second layers of the Devil Realm had also been bombarded to pieces. Countless devils had been obliterated on the spot, and countless experts had died. Many of the old-timers of the Devil Race had been seriously injured, and no one knew where they had gone.

However, the Demon Subduing Fortress still steadily fell into the second layer of the Demon Domain without suffering any damage.

The great formations and military fortresses of the Devil Race, which had been assembled by countless races, were unexpectedly broken by the sudden shock.

"What is it? This is the power of the Boundless World's explosion. "

Jing Qiu almost fell to his knees. He was completely stunned. In the face of this kind of power, he knew that if a bolt of lightning struck down, his barren land would no longer exist. All of his painstaking calculations were not worth mentioning in the face of this kind of power.

At this time, a voice rang out across the Divine Continent. "My subjects, the people of the world, the Devil Race has attacked. They have gathered a great army and are overbearing in their desire to destroy the Divine Continent. However, the head of the Celestial Tranquility Department, Prince Gu Chensha, has activated the most powerful divine ability, the Wrath of the Emperor Heaven, and defeated the Devil Race in one fell swoop. Now the Devil Race has collapsed everywhere and is no longer a threat. All of you can enter the Devil Domain and kill the Devil Race to accomplish your deeds." This was the Celestial Tranquility Department's propaganda.

Gu Chensha's majesty was manifested here, and it was increasingly ingrained in the hearts of the people.

At this moment, Jing Qiu seemed to feel that the Yongchō's destiny and destiny of the nation seemed to have been splashed with a ladle of oil, rising into a raging fire that reached the horizon. Adding oil to a raging fire. The nation's destiny was prosperous.

At this moment, the Yongchō's nation's destiny had reached a level where it could interfere with reality and distort time and space. It could be said that since ancient times, the nation's destiny had never reached such a level.

"The Wrath of the Emperor Heaven, the Wrath of the Emperor Heaven …" Jing Qiu muttered, "The Devil Race collapsed under the strike of this lightning. It is indeed the Emperor Heaven's wrath. Could it be that the Emperor Heaven has fallen into the hands of Gu Chensha? If that's the case, all of my plans can't be played. "

Jing Qiu had originally obtained the Origin of the Innocuous Heavenly King and could quickly cultivate a peerless great dao. He had also obtained the recognition of the entire Desolate Desert, and he was about to go all out. However, the divine lightning in the Devil Domain had shattered all of his hopes, and he seemed to have completely lost his confidence.

"Hahahaha …" At this moment, Jing Fanxing laughed maniacally, "Jing Qiu, you've schemed everything, but you're still lacking. You can't compare to the Celestial Tranquility Department. I originally hated that Gu Chensha to the extreme, but now I feel that he is the true overlord. All of your schemes were in vain. I hate it. If only I could change my thinking at that time and join the Celestial Tranquility Department, I definitely wouldn't be in this situation now. I would definitely hold great power, and be all-powerful! How could I be like now, like a dead dog? "

"Jing Fanxing, you've lost all of your glory and dignity, and you actually want to rely on the Celestial Tranquility Department. Have you forgotten that your fiancée, Wu Dangkong, was forcibly summoned into the palace by Gu Taxian, and our Jing Family was destroyed by the Celestial Tranquility Department. How many disciples died? Now that you've sacrificed yourself for the family, it's nothing.

Besides, I'll still nurture you. When I devour the other Heavenly Kings, I'll make you a Celestial Master, or even stronger. What you've invested now will be greatly rewarded in the future. Don't you understand this? "

Jing Qiu's expression grew calm. "Gu Chensha actually defeated the alliance of the devils. Now I have to reevaluate his and the Celestial Tranquility Department's strength. He might have the upper hand for now, but that doesn't mean I don't have any reserves. Just you wait. I'll make the Jing Family a true overlord, and I, Jing Qiu, will become the Emperor Of Heaven!"

Jing Qiu hadn't had such thoughts at first, but after devouring the essence of the Innocuous Heavenly King and obtaining the power of the Chiliocosm of Desolation, his ambitions began to swell like a balloon.

"I'll wait and see." Jing Fanxing curled up into a ball, looking like a beggar. It was impossible to tell what he was thinking. In the depths of space-time, Gu Chensha was sitting cross-legged, recovering his energy.

'I never would have guessed that I would be able to summon the Fury of the Emperor Of Heaven, an imitation of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate's most powerful attack, the Chiliocosm Dragonthunder. It's so powerful, but also so draining. I won't be able to unleash an attack like this for at least two or three months.'

Gu Chensha had used the Wrath of a Heavenly Emperor to destroy the Devil Alliance's stronghold in one fell swoop. It was impossible to say how many monsters he had killed, but many of the old-timers hadn't been killed. In fact, they had only been seriously injured. However, they had been scared out of their wits, and had quickly fled into the depths of the Devil Domain.

In this way, the originally aggressive Demon Race would immediately collapse, and the army and experts of the Eternal Dynasty would seize the opportunity to attack. They would definitely be able to obtain even more benefits. Not only would this greatly increase the fate of the imperial court and the country, but Gu Chensha's personal cohesiveness would also reach an unprecedented peak.

"Your Highness Chensha is invincible!" "He's the hegemon of the age, sweeping away all wretch-devils.

One lightning to destroy ten thousand devils, and even the first layer of the devil domain was wiped out. "

"That's right. I thought the imperial court would fall into a bitter struggle, but I never imagined that a single lightning strike would cause the devils to collapse. This is all thanks to Your Highness."

"The Celestial Pacification Department is invincible. Your Highness's methods are unfathomable. With the Celestial Pacification Department in our empire, there's nothing to worry about." Countless thoughts came from the sky and gathered on Gu Chensha's body.

The Celestial Pacification Department had long since sent out the Commander-In-Chief, as well as all sorts of propaganda channels. In the blink of an eye, news of Gu Chensha's lightning destruction of the devil domain had spread far and wide.

Things were different now than they had been fourteen years ago. In the past, news would take several days, or even a month to reach the capital. If it were to spread to the rest of the world, it would probably take half a year, or even a year.

However, things were completely different now. The imperial court's Celestial Pacification Department had already established a Skynet system. There were channels of publicity in every major city and even in small villages. In almost an instant, important news could spread throughout the world and let everyone know. Compared to before, the efficiency had increased by more than ten thousand times.

Just this alone meant that the destiny of the empire would be thousands of times more condensed than before.

In the past, the imperial court was actually very far away in the hearts of the common people. But now, all the common people could feel that the imperial court was always by their side. Their voices could be heard by the imperial court immediately, and at the same time, the imperial court's voice could also be heard by them. In this way, there was no barrier between the imperial court and the common people.

Gu Chensha's achievements instantly spread throughout the entire empire. In the vast territory, countless people were sincerely thanking him, worshipping him, and even worshiping him.

In an instant, the thoughts in the hearts of these people gathered on him, and then they were all injected into the Divine Land Gourd. He refined them, and his strength recovered extremely quickly.

"Looks like I've still underestimated the power of the hearts of the people."

Gu Chensha sighed. "If the hearts of the people continue to boil like this, it won't even take two or three months. In just two or three days, I'll be able to completely recover the power of the attack just now.

If the destiny of the empire increases again, and I unite the hundreds of billions of common people of the Great Fen Dynasty, then I'll be able to unleash the Wrath of the Emperor Of Heaven without stopping. Who would be a match for me then? " Gu Chensha's attack needed a long time to build up, and it also consumed a lot of energy.

But if he united the world, and united the hundreds of billions of common people of the Great Fen Dynasty with the imperial court, then not only would his cultivation base increase, but he would also be able to unleash the Wrath of the Emperor Of Heaven without even needing to build up.

In this way, Wan Senshi, the three celestials, and the alliance of Patriarch Heaven and Earth would all be like clay chickens and pottery dogs. He would be able to go up to them and take the Heaven Sacrifice Decree, the Endless Heart, and the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth.