Chapter 544
===========

"Sister, you must be joking."

Gu Chensha suddenly waved his hand. "Actually, I'm not coveting your treasures, and I don't have any rules. Since my cultivation level is too low, I have to use this transcendent artifact. Do you think it's alright?" While speaking, a chopstick-sized golden rod appeared in Gu Chensha's hand.

"This is …" Gu Huan Sha looked at it for a few breaths and immediately recognized it. "This is the Wanxiang Shattering Rod refined by the ancient God of Hercules. It was his signature weapon. Back then, the God of Hercules and the God of Mighty Miracle were sworn brothers. In the ancient times, the God of Hercules and the God of Mighty Miracle were sworn brothers.

Rumors said that the rod fell into the hands of the Legalists but they lost it when they were attacked by The Great Spirit God and Ancestor Witch. Rumors said that it fell into Dou Nineteen's hands, so how did it end up in your hands? Could it be that you were the one behind the Legalism incident? " "Dou Nineteen and I made a bet and lost this rod."

Naturally, Gu Chensha couldn't say that he had stolen the six treasures of the Legalists, otherwise, the Legalists would go crazy. Even the Dharma Saint would feel pained, "I only have one treasure on me. I can only use this rod to make up for my cultivation. How about that?"

"This rod is really strong and is a top god weapon. God of Strength isn't a god level expert but a true god who obtained a god position. He is even more terrifying than a Saint. But because of that, this treasure can't be activated with magic power. Even a normal god level expert will be sucked dry if they use it. You are only at the 23 Dao Realm Transformations and you want to activate this treasure?

I'm afraid that before you can hit me, you'll be injured by this stick, unless you extract energy from the Lesser Chiliocosm and pour it into this stick, "Gu Huan Sha said," However, you can't sense the energy of the Lesser Chiliocosm here. " "Indeed, I can't sense the power of the small world."

Gu Chensha said, "So, I can only use my own magic power to activate it. If you are worried, you can check it." "No need. I want to see exactly what sort of trump card you have."

Gu Huan Sha was getting more and more curious. "With your current realm of magic power, you are like a baby that hasn't learned how to walk, and this rod is like a sharp and heavy knife. If you want to swing it, you will definitely die." "Then Royal Sister, how about we agree? I'm not sure if Imperial Sister dares to block my attack? "Gu Chensha made his words sound perfect.

"Go ahead and attack," Gu Huan Sha said fiercely.

"Royal Sister, then I'll have to offend you." Gu Chensha stood up.

All of a sudden, a heaven-piercing aura burst forth from his body. The chopstick-sized All Mammoth Shattering Staff became as thick as a bowl in his hand. Gu Chensha channeled his Heavenly Dao technique into it.

Minute Dust Technique, Monolith Technique, Vajra Technique, True Dragon Technique. Four types of magic power. At the same realm, Monolith Technique's combat power was almost ten times that of Minute Dust Technique, Vajra Technique was ten times that of Monolith Technique, and True Dragon Technique was ten times that of Vajra Technique. As for Heavenly Dao technique, it couldn't be described with just multiples. Sometimes, Heavenly Dao technique was even more miraculous than the power of the world. Rumble!

The imposing aura of Gu Chensha's strike was accumulated. Merely a single stance was already world-shaking and invincible, and it truly had the imposing aura of Hercules when he wielded this staff all those years ago. He'd obliterated everything, destroyed the world, pierced through the sky, severed the river, and swept through an entire army.

Back then, when Gu Chensha's cultivation was only at 22 changes, he crushed a natural born saint like the dwarf Death Abandonment with one strike. He was an expert at 26 changes.

But now, Gu Chensha's cultivation had risen by a crucial realm compared to that day. He had reached 23 changes, "Past Reflection". Many cultivators were basically stuck at this stage and couldn't extricate themselves. In the end, their magic power dissipated and they died. Going from 22 changes to 23 changes was a process of understanding the mysteries of time.

As a result, not only was Gu Chensha's combat power much stronger than that day, but the density of his magic power was even more unparalleled. In addition, Gu Chensha's understanding of the Dao of Deviants had become even more profound. It wouldn't be long before he could break through that bottleneck. He had forcefully consumed the Heaven-defying Mutability Pill, which helped his cultivation reach a profound and unfathomable realm.

"Your magic power can actually activate this staff?

How high is the quality of your magic power? "Gu Huansha was shocked. She felt threatened, but at this time, there was no time to think. Because Gu Chensha's staff had already descended.

The heavenly pillars collapsed. The pillars that supported the heavens had completely broken in the Primordial Deity War. The heavens fell like a waterfall, washing over Gu Huansha endlessly.

As Gu Chensha's staff descended, all phenomena were destroyed, the three realms were broken, the sun and moon sunk, the stars fell, the ground collapsed, and time and space disappeared. Such an imposing manner truly swept through the nine heavens, ten lands, and eight desolate worlds.

"Heaven, Earth, Man, God, Ghost!"

At this time, Gu Huansha suddenly activated a secret technique. Her entire person changed violently, turning into five existences that were like worlds. They revolved around each other, representing the five fundamentals of this world. The Heavenly Dao, Earth Dao, Human Dao, God Dao, and Ghost Dao. Heaven, Earth, Man, God, Ghost.

This was the supreme technique of the Immortal Master. This technique was called "Heaven, Earth, Man, God, Ghost".

Then, Gu Huansha's five masses of Dao transformed into a huge hand that clashed head-on with the All Phenomena Shattering Staff. The five fingers of the huge hand represented Heaven, Earth, Man, God, and Ghost. It pressed down like it was trying to grab the All Phenomena Shattering Staff.

Gu Huansha used her Dao Realm 29 Transformation to comprehend chaos to activate a supreme secret technique and actually dared to go head-on against the power of the All Phenomena Shattering Staff. Staff, palm. Just like that, they were pieced together without any fancy moves or changes.

Everything shattered. First, the palm shattered, but under the power of the palm, some power within the All-encompassing Shatterer Cudgel was forcibly severed. The cudgel's aura disappeared without a trace. It suddenly shrank to the size of a chopstick and fell back into Gu Chensha's palm. Then, it fused with his magical power and disappeared. But Gu Chensha's attacks didn't stop because of that. Instead, they became even fiercer. That was because he had turned into a gourd.

The moment the gourd appeared, an unparalleled aura appeared in the area. God Slaying Celestial Slaying Flying Knife. Moreover, it was real knife energy. The higher Gu Chensha's cultivation realm, the more perfect his control of the knife energy was.

He consumed the Hong Meng Saint Pill and the Mutated Pill to raise his realm. His control of the knife energy was even more perfect. With the knife energy as his foundation, he simulated the changes of the gourd and obtained many mysteries.

"Stop!" At that moment, Gu Huansha shouted. She turned back to her original form and was shocked when she saw the flying knife.

"Sister lost by one move."

Gu Chensha's voice spread out from the gourd. Kacha kacha, the gourd turned back into him, "Luckily, the flying knife didn't come out from the gourd, otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to control the changes. Once the flying knife came out, everything would be irreversible." "Your body actually merged with the knife energy of the Celestial Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife? This knife energy isn't simulated but the real one. "

Gu Huansha looked at Gu Chensha like she was looking at a monster, "Not to mention Saints and Gods, even the three Celestial Venerables wouldn't dare to merge it into their bodies. Otherwise, it would harm their souls and cause endless problems."

"These are some of my father's secrets." Gu Chensha waved his hands, "Sister, do you still want to fight?" "Very well, you win."

Gu Huansha threw the interspatial ring over. "The Hundred Treasures Immortal River inside is yours. I didn't expect you to be so strong. It seems like you have completely activated the effects of my father's bloodline?"

"That's right. When I encountered Dou Nineteen, he used this talisman and killed me. However, my father's bloodline saved me, so I have all kinds of abilities."

Gu Chensha said, "If you want to activate my father's bloodline, you can also try being killed by this knife. Who knows, you might end up like me." "I see."

Gu Huansha naturally didn't dare to try. Furthermore, she didn't know whether Gu Chensha was telling the truth or not. "Brother, I've heard rumors about you recently. You entered the Minor Mount Meru alone and escaped unscathed, tricking the three Godly Apes. Apart from that, you've also done many other things. I originally thought they were fake, but now it seems that not only are they not fake, but I've also underestimated you."

"Sister controls the Celestial Designer Institute, and I control the Celestial Calmness Department. If we can work together, we will definitely be able to push the world to a golden age. At that time, our Luck will probably surpass the ancient Saints. Even the likes of the Dharma Saint will have to look up to us." Gu Chensha still wanted to rope in Gu Huansha.

"We'll talk about this later. The world is changing. Neither you nor I can see it clearly, and neither can Mother. Besides, your Celestial Calmness Department will face a huge tribulation. I don't want to get involved. It's unknown whether we'll be friends or foes in the future." Gu Huansha waved her hand and removed the Immortal Battlefield.

"Sister seems to have other plans. But what tribulation can our Celestial Calmness Department face? It's just a bunch of imps, like Wu Dangkong, Gu Xuansha, and Gu Tanjian. They can be disintegrated with a flip of the hand. "

Gu Chensha said, "However, Sister's schemes are huge. She wants to swallow the Wildlands like a whale. This action seems to be destroying the fate of the nation. Many of the Wildlands have already become part of Dayong's territory." "I'm also doing this for the prosperity of Dayong." Gu Huansha smiled. "Brother, I might need to borrow your help to do some things in the future. However, your suggestion just now to deal with the Dharma Saint isn't impossible. " "Sister is working with the Dharma Saint to nurture Gu Changjian as the ruler of the Wildlands.

In the future, she definitely won't share it equally with the Dharma Saint. I can indeed help in this matter. Since the Dharma Saint wants to activate the Spirit Demon Project, he is a target that our Celestial Calmness Department must kill. If we don't kill him, the heavens will not forgive us. "Gu Chensha knew that Gu Huansha wanted to work with him.

At the moment, the Celestial Calmness Department had many enemies. Gu Chensha didn't want to offend the Celestial Designer Institute and Gu Huansha, especially the Immortal Master behind her.