Chapter 678
===========

Fate condensed. Blood sacrifice to a True God. At this moment, Longevity God grasped the key point of this matter.

He knelt beneath the riverbed, secretly circulating the three great divine abilities of fortune, fortune, and longevity. He dripped his blood as a sacrifice, and piously prayed. As he sensed his destiny, he could vaguely sense that it was connected to some mysterious existence in the depths of the void.

Gu Chensha used the Heaven Path Technique and could sense that Longevity God's fate had become really weird. Some kind of fate and karma were entangling and boiling.

Originally, with Gu Chensha's realm, he was still far from comprehending karma, fate, luck, and fate.

Unless he reached the Dao Realm 34 Transformations' Controlling Fate ', only then would he be able to fully use these things.

However, he had obtained the legacy of the Buddhist Sect's civilization, and during his battle with the Xing Qiong Clan over the past year or so, he had gradually fused the Buddhist Sect's civilization and Daoism together, and he had refined new things of his own. The Buddhist Sect had a deep understanding of fate, fate, karma, and fate.

Gu Chensha obtained these inheritances, so naturally, he would understand these secrets during cultivation.

To Longevity God, he had an extremely deep fate with the three True Gods. Otherwise, he wouldn't have obtained this orthodoxy's inheritance. Kacha, kacha!

In the depths of the cave, as Longevity God dripped his blood, numerous True God auras spread out. Then, two rays of light directly entered Longevity God's body.

These two rays of light were the size of eggs, but in the depths of the light was a broken world. Apart from that, there was a god throne in the depths of this broken world. That's right, it was a True God throne. Two broken worlds, two True God thrones. This was a fortuitous encounter, and Longevity God obtained it so easily.

In Longevity God's tiny world, Gu Chensha saw a shocking scene. At this moment, the two rays of light charged into the tiny world and actually started to merge.

Longevity God's joyful voice reverberated, "Hahaha, I actually obtained Longevity God and Blessing God's broken god countries. This god country is a small chiliocosm. Although it is broken, it still contains rich small chiliocosm power. After I merge the small chiliocosm power left behind by these two broken god countries, I will be able to refine my own small chiliocosm in the future."

With Longevity God's current cultivation, it was impossible for him to refine a small chiliocosm. Even if he became a Saint, he would need thousands of years to cultivate it.

But it was different now. After obtaining the power of Longevity God and Blessing God's broken god countries, a huge amount of small chiliocosm power was brewing, saving him thousands of years of cultivation.

Of course, this was only one aspect. More importantly, Longevity God obtained two True God thrones at once. In this way, his cultivation would continue to rise, and he would eventually become a True God.

Not only that, he seemed to be inextricably linked to these two great positions of true god, and the degree of compatibility was very high. Unlike Jing Qiu, Jing Qiu didn't have any fate with the God of Lu. Hence, after he obtained the great position of the God of Lu, he barely became a true god, but it wasn't perfect. He could only increase his lifespan and combat power, and develop all kinds of divine arts. But Longevity God was different. Whoosh!

After Longevity God obtained the two True Gods' broken god countries and True God thrones, he did not stay here any longer. He stimulated the world force and instantly restored this place to its original appearance. The silt covered the riverbed, and he quietly left the Divine Central Continent. He did not return to the new Divine Central Continent created by Wan Senshi. Instead, he flew towards the sea, tore space, and shuttled back and forth. After a day and a night, he found a desolate island.

Landing on the island, Longevity God pointed his finger, and the island slowly shifted away, revealing a deep ocean eye below.

He dived deeper into the ocean eye, and the island returned to its original place, covering the ocean eye.

At this time, Gu Chensha was in the depths of Longevity God's dust world, and he could clearly feel all of this. Every move of Longevity God, even if it was a thought, was under his control.

Longevity God descended to the depths of the sea, and had already dived for tens of thousands of miles. This depth was probably something that only Gods could reach.

In the ocean of the Endless Mainland, some of the ocean eyes were so deep that one could not see the bottom. Even an existence like Wan Senshi could not measure it.

The so-called Endless Mainland, how high the sky was, how thick the earth was. This was something that could not be measured.

The Endless Mainland seemed to be constantly changing, and it was in a state of change at every moment. It was precisely because of this that no one could figure out the laws of the Endless Mainland. Rumble! Finally, Longevity God came to an ancient ruin.

This ruin was a disc with a radius of hundreds of miles. It looked like a plate, and it looked like a product left behind by a prehistoric civilization, and not a magic treasure of the Immortal Dao.

This disc was silver-white in color, and it had a metallic luster. It was unknown what material it was made of, and even Gu Chensha could not recognize it.

But one thing was for sure, Longevity God had hidden himself very deeply, and he had actually obtained some kind of relic of a prehistoric civilization.

Longevity God directly entered this disc, and it turned out to be a world inside. However, it was not created with magic power, but a kind of fluctuation, a strange fluctuation. It was the power of the disc itself.

In the world inside the disc, there were not mountains and rivers, but silver-white factories, which gave off the feeling of the Heavenly Craftsman Institution. Many silver-white, golden-yellow, and even purple puppets maintained a sudden motionless movement.

It seemed like these puppets were originally working, but something suddenly happened, causing these puppets to lose their lives, freezing at this moment.

"There are many secrets in this disc." Gu Chensha knew that he might be able to peek into the secrets of the prehistoric civilization.

The world inside the disc also had many damaged places. If it was a tool to cross the universe, then it could not be activated at all. However, hiding inside seemed to be able to isolate all auras.

Obviously, after obtaining such a huge benefit, Longevity God wanted to hide here and completely digest and refine this fortuitous encounter. When he came out of seclusion, his microscopic world would reach its peak, and as long as he could seize the True God position of Longevity God, he would be able to upgrade it to a Minor Thousand World in one fell swoop. At that time, he would be a tyrant.

"Fortune, fortune, longevity, three elements of fate, attacking the Saint Realm, the Dao of Truth …" After Longevity God sat down, he began to cultivate. In his world, the wind and clouds surged, the world rotated, and all living beings knelt down, thinking that the god was angry, causing them to tremble.

At this time, Longevity God comforted them, "My believers, don't be afraid, don't panic. As long as you sincerely pray, this world will upgrade. From now on, you will all obtain great benefits. Your god, which is me, Longevity God, has obtained the True God position and become a True God."

At this time, Gu Chensha's body slightly changed as he urged the Heavenly Law and began to penetrate into Longevity God's world. However, Longevity God could not sense it at all.

It must be known that for more than a year, Gu Chensha had been urging the Heavenly Law to compete with Xing Qiong Clan. To penetrate into the body of the Divine Continent's fiercest, how much training was this?

Compared to Xing Qiong Clan, even if Longevity God obtained the three Great God positions, it was still not worth mentioning.

Therefore, Gu Chensha could easily control this world. Moreover, his incarnation of Ghost Cry had been operating in this world for a long time, so he had already grasped some of the details, even the mental state of Longevity God's many empires and believers.

Don't underestimate Longevity God. In the depths of this world, there were actually 200-300 million people. With three empires restricting one another and competing with one another, they were filled with motivation. This was pretty much the limit of what the world could contain. Next, the world was about to expand once more.

Now, the Fortune God's and Longevity God's broken Divine Kingdoms, along with the dense Minor Chiliocosm energy, poured into the Minute Dust World. Immediately, the space expanded, and countless mountains, rivers, and vast lands were born. Spiritual energy crazily filled the entire world, and everyone obtained many benefits.

The two True God positions suppressed the world, causing its foundations to be so stable that it was simply indestructible.

At this moment, Longevity God's body had already merged with the two True God positions. As he cultivated intensely, the True God positions allowed his cultivation to become even purer. Kacha! Something in Longevity God's body seemed to shatter, but then something seemed to form. A Truth Saint Heart jumped up. Longevity God finally reached Saint Realm, Dao Realm 33 Transformations, Truth Saint Heart.

He grasped two True God positions and cultivated to Saint Realm, causing his strength to increase by more than several times.

"Hahahaha …" His will came out of his world and laughed: "Calming Chaos Daoist, you and I have fought for many years. Now, I can suppress you with a flick of my finger.

However, if I obtain the Blessing God position, with the three gods combined, I will have hope of breaking through to Empyrean Realm! "

While speaking, Longevity God looked at the silver-white space around him: "This is a prehistoric treasure I found. Unfortunately, I don't know how to use it. It's incompatible with immortal spells, so I can't refine it.

This treasure has great power. If I can decipher its secret, my strength will probably improve further.

But now, I have no other way. Maybe if I obtain the Blessing God position and combine the three gods, there will be hope. " He was about to leave this place. But when his body moved, he unexpectedly did not fly up. Because he felt that his small-sized world seemed to be out of control. This was almost impossible.

"What's going on?" Longevity God was shocked: "Did I go berserk? That's impossible. " "Longevity God." At this moment, a figure appeared in front of him. Longevity God looked at this person, and his heart shrank to the extreme: "You … you are Gu Chensha! Are you the one who is controlling my particle world? Even my body? What do you want? "