Chapter 38
==========

If Lou Baiyue couldn't take down this person, his prestige would be completely gone.

"Why? Third Brother, you want to protect this person?"

Lou Baiyue couldn't even be bothered to address him as Third Prince. She had studied in the royal school since young and had always addressed the princes as Eldest Brother and Second Brother.

"Baiyue, this person is still useful. Moreover, he is an Imperial Inspector of a province. Even an Imperial Envoy would have to submit a memorial first and wait for Imperial Father's decree to deal with him. Right now, we still need him to gather rations for the army. If this delays the military affairs, you and Nineteenth Brother wouldn't be able to bear the consequences." Third Prince Gu Fasha was expressionless, but it was clear that he wanted to protect this person.

That Imperial Inspector Ba Nan wasn't the slightest bit afraid and said in a loud voice, "This lowly official still has military affairs to attend to. If Imperial Envoy has nothing else, this lowly official will immediately take his leave and return to gather experts to annihilate the evil cult in the three provinces." As he finished speaking, he turned to leave.

Lou Baiyue only sneered and took out a token from her bosom. Instantly, a bright light flashed and four words appeared on it, "As if the Emperor Himself Is Present." "Imperial Father!"

Third Prince Gu Fasha couldn't believe it, but he immediately left his seat and knelt in front of the token. Gu Chensha was also shocked. He also left his seat and knelt on the ground.

All the other officials also knelt down. That rather unyielding Imperial Inspector Ba Nan was paralyzed on the ground, scared out of his wits.

"Third Brother, His Majesty has given me full authority to handle all matters. Now, this order is the decree. Do you dare to defy it?" Lou Baiyue asked.

"This son doesn't dare."

Third Prince Gu Fasha knew that this token was equivalent to the presence of Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. No matter how strong his martial arts were, no matter how much authority he had, he wouldn't dare to act rashly.

"Imperial Inspector Ba Nan, you are so unruly and committed a grave mistake. I originally wanted to execute you on the spot, but Third Prince pleaded for mercy on your behalf. I will spare your life and allow you to atone for your crimes. Now, listen carefully, you and your subordinates will all listen to Nineteenth Prince Chen's orders. You have a month to annihilate the evil cult!"

Lou Baiyue changed the topic and actually bypassed Imperial Governor Ba Nan, and he conveniently dragged the ancient sandstorm into it. Such actions were simply like the move of an expert, and it was a diversion that floated indeterminately and gave others an unfathomable feeling.

"Lou Baiyue still dragged me into the water, not letting me watch the show from the sidelines."

Gu Chensha secretly exclaimed in admiration, but he had no choice but to agree. Not only was this an opportunity to render meritorious service, but it was also a good thing that he could exterminate the Evil Sect barbarians to cultivate their martial arts.

"Yes, yes, yes …" Inspector Ba Nan felt like he had just survived a disaster. "This lowly official obeys."

At this time, Lou Baiyue took out the token. Her words were equivalent to an imperial edict. It was as if she was here in person.

"If I can't destroy the cult within a month, I'll definitely kill you!" With that, Lou Baiyue put away the token. At this time, Third Prince Gu Vansha, Gu Chensha and the other officials stood up.

"This Prince still has military affairs to attend to. If there's anything else, please instruct me. If there's nothing else, this Prince will take his leave first."

The Third Prince Gufasha's face was covered in dirt and he was too embarrassed to stay any longer. Initially, he wanted to show off his strength to Lou Baiyue, but he was caught off guard. Never in his wildest dreams did he expect that the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor would actually hand over the 'Regal Himself' token to the other party. With this token, he could only be suppressed and didn't dare to disobey orders.

"Imperial Prince Fan, please go. I want to leave a few officials here to discuss the matter of exterminating the Evil Sect in Xian Province.

It must all be completed within a month to ensure that the army has a stable rear when they fight against the barbarians. "Lou Baiyue immediately named seven to eight Imperial Governors. These Imperial Governors were all obedient and didn't dare to be a thorn in their side.

"Old Nineteen, this time it's up to you to achieve meritorious service. If you can destroy the cult within a month, I'll definitely give you the highest merit in the report." Lou Baiyue turned to look at Gu Chensha.

"Even if I don't have any merit for the cult to harm the people, I'm duty-bound to do it."

Gu Chensha cupped his fists. "There's no time to lose. I'll set off immediately. Every word I say will cause more people to die in the hands of the cult." "It's a blessing for the people to have such thoughts."

Lou Baiyue said, "I'll lend you the Cold Hornless Armor and the Fiery Sword that His Majesty bestowed upon me. With this sword and armor, you'll be able to protect yourself even if you encounter the Baleful Bats."

"There's no need. If I rely on treasures to protect myself, I won't be able to truly hone my martial arts. Only when I'm in a life and death situation can I break through to the Dao realm." Gu Chensha rejected.

This time, Lou Baiyue had a whole new level of respect for Gu Chensha. "In that case, I'll wait for your good news."

"Nineteenth Master, let me tell you about the current situation of the three counties." The Imperial Governor of Ba Nan Province hurriedly walked over with trepidation.

"Head to Ba Nan Province right away!" Gu Chensha waved his hand.

It took them fourteen to sixteen hours to reach the provincial capital of Ba Nan Province. This provincial capital was also built with huge stones mixed with steel. It was more than ten zhang tall, and there were iron cannons and ballistae installed on the city walls. The defense was tight, and the people in the city came and went as if they were facing a great enemy. There was no joy at all, and everyone was in a state of fear.

However, such a defense could block an army but it couldn't prevent experts from sneaking in and assassinating them.

For example, the Baleful Bats could come and go without a trace. If one wasn't a Dao Realm expert, it would be tough to defend against them.

In the governor's manor, the Imperial Governor complained, "Nineteenth Master, I am in a tough spot. The three provinces are filled with experts and I can't do anything about them. I can only use the army to lock them down such that they can't enter the capital. I don't have many experts under me and they have Dao Realm experts. I also have to defend against assassinations and I can't sleep at night. Nineteenth Master, be careful at night. " "The situation has already deteriorated to such a state?"

Gu Chensha looked at the map on the table. There was also the distribution of troops. Apart from that, there was also information on the three counties. The more he looked at it, the more his head hurt. It was really tough to wipe them out. Not only that, but if they attacked and assassinated the generals, many counties would fall instantly. More people would be killed and the strength of the evil sects would get stronger and stronger. In the end, it would affect the province.

If the province fell, then as a prince, he would have no place to stand. If the people in the court attacked him, it wouldn't be surprising if he was sent to jail.

Either he didn't take this mission or he would stay out of it. If he didn't do it well and things got out of hand, he would definitely die.

Imperial Governor Ba Nan knelt down, "Nineteenth Master, save me. If I don't do this well, I will definitely die. Moreover, if the entire province falls, you won't be able to escape the blame. " "Stop talking nonsense. How many experts do you have now?" Gu Chensha started to count.

"I only have two Grandmasters, dozens of Martial Art Grandmasters, and 30 Martial Warriors."

Imperial Governor Ba Nan said, "I spent a lot of money to hire those two Martial Art Grandmasters. They are just here to protect me and won't join in the fight against the evil sects. As for me, I am also a Martial Art Grandmaster and can kill one or two of them. "

Martial Art Grandmasters could rely on rich families and there was no need for them to suck up to an Imperial Governor. An Imperial Governor was just an official and would leave after three to five years. How could he compare to the rich and noble families?

As for Dao Realm experts, they could absorb spiritual energy and their need for material resources was greatly reduced. They could even cultivate in the wilderness and were free, so why would they rely on rich families? Unless they had some sort of goal.

Moreover, even if Dao Realm experts joined the Emperor, they would get more than just a state governor. Why would they join a small Imperial Governor?

But it was still okay to have such experts in a province. During normal times, they could suppress any uprising. But now that the evil sects were involved, the barbarians were far from enough.

"Why didn't Prince Fan personally wipe them out?" Gu Chensha's voice was really strict.

"His Highness led troops out to attack the Barbarian Race God Temple and had no time to worry about this. When he returned, the situation was already messed up and evil gods were also involved. He was afraid of losing troops, so he didn't do anything and just defended to the death. Once spring arrives and the Emperor personally leads the troops, all the monsters will be wiped out." Imperial Governor Ba Nan muttered.

"So, even third brother isn't confident?" Gu Chensha heard the seriousness of the matter from Imperial Governor Ba Nan's words. What did he mean by being afraid of losing troops? He just wasn't confident.

Gufan Sha had many experts under him and he was above Dao Realm Transformation Four or even Five. He also had the support of the huge Fan Family. If he didn't dare to do anything, then what chance did he have?

"It seems like the evil sects in the three counties aren't the only expert. There are even more experts hidden within."

Gu Chensha felt like he had been conned by Lou Baiyue. A heavy pressure surged up but it didn't make him lose confidence. Instead, he was filled with fighting spirit. He instructed, "Since that is the case, then your actions aren't overboard. First, you have to defend against the chaos around the city. I will think about it and also gather experts." "Gather experts?"

Imperial Governor Ba Nan was stunned. He had some intel and knew that Prince Nineteen was poor. He didn't have a mother and had no power, so how could he gather experts?

But thinking about it, the princes were all indiscernible. Prince Nineteen started to act dumb and suddenly rose up in this half a year. Wasn't he going to shock the world after 10 years of being quiet?

To be able to become an Imperial Governor, his foresight and martial arts skills weren't low. Fighting against Lou Baiyue in the main hall was because he was working for Prince Fan.

"You can leave." Gu Chensha waved his hands.

"What about His Highness's safety?" Imperial Governor Ba Nan asked hurriedly.

"You only have Grandmasters under your command. What's the use of being assassinated by the evil sects? You'll die for nothing. There's no need to take any precautions. The assassins will come.

I was just about to hone my martial arts. On the way there, I encountered a Black Demon Bat who tried to assassinate me, but I managed to repel him. "Gu Chensha snorted coldly." Leave. " "Yes!" Imperial Governor Ba Nan didn't dare to say more and quietly left.

He returned to his study. A few people came in and knelt down. "Sir Imperial Governor, what are your orders?"

"Send a messenger eagle to His Third Highness about His Nineteenth Highness. His next move will depend on His Third Highness's arrangements."

Imperial Governor Ba Nan looked worried. "The three counties have become the evil sects' altar. If His Nineteenth Highness acts rashly, I'm afraid there will be big problems. When that happens, I will inevitably be abandoned. This matter needs to be planned in detail. " Gu Chensha sat in his study. There was no one around. As expected, the guards had been withdrawn.

"Why isn't Long Yuyun here yet? Logically speaking, she should have received the news by now. "

He was thinking carefully when his ears suddenly twitched. A fragrance entered his nose. There was another person in the room. It was Long Yuyun.