Chapter 577
===========

"The Devil Race wants to reorganize themselves, but it's not like they're going to lay down their banners and stop their drums. What they're doing now is spreading out in all directions, harassing and plundering in an attempt to drag down the Imperial Court and tire it out."

The Dharma Saint watched as the hundreds and thousands of strands of black Qi descended throughout the entire Central Divine Prefecture. "A large-scale advance is also in the works. The Buddhist Sect has withstood the first wave of attacks and has begun to retreat. Next, the Imperial Court will probably mobilize the army to defend the frontlines outside Sin Province.

The demon race has a huge advantage over the humans, and that is their numbers. In the past, when a demon disaster broke out, our aristocratic families and the Profound Immortal Dao Sect would immediately join forces with the Imperial Court to resist it. But now, I'm afraid that won't happen.

He could take advantage of the Devil Disaster to destroy the imperial court and the Celestial Tranquility Bureau.

This is the flaw of the Great Yongchō. Gu Taxian is too domineering, causing the wrath of both men and gods. "

"That's right. He doesn't know what's good for him. Not only did he seal the Evil Gods, he also sealed a large number of Righteous Gods. In history, every time a Demon Disaster breaks out, those Righteous Gods are the vanguard."

"Right now, he's gone into secluded meditation. He's relying on the puny Calming Immortal Department, and a few brats who haven't even become Gods, to think they can stop this Devil Onslaught? What a joke."

"In the midst of the Devil Calamity, the Celestial Pacification Department's current strength cannot be underestimated.

But if they want to save all living beings in the world and dominate the general trend, then that's far from enough. It's like a mantis trying to stop a chariot. If I were the Celestial Tranquility Bureau, I would immediately take away a large number of people and avoid the Central Divine Prefecture. I would develop my business far away and wait until the Divine Prefecture is in complete chaos. But these little fellows have brainwashed others, and they've unwittingly brainwashed themselves as well. They really think that they can mend the flaws of the Heavenly Dao and change the Heavenly Dao's Mandate. They don't know when to advance or retreat, and they'll definitely fall. "

The Dharma Saint sighed. "You go ahead and make your preparations. Although the Demons are working with the School of Legalism, you can't go easy on them. I've decided on a strategy for the School of Legalism. Now that the Legalist disciples are out, they can go around killing Demons and winning over the hearts of the people. I don't think the Imperial Court will dare to say anything.

Spread the word that only the Law Province is safe with the arrival of the Devil Calamity. Let all ambitious people come to the Law Province. "

"If that's the case, wouldn't the population of the Dharma Province be bursting at the seams? Wouldn't that destroy the order we originally established?" Fa Yuan said, "Although the Dharma Province is large, it can't accommodate all the people in the world."

"We'll use this as an excuse to expand to other provinces. Our Legalism will be able to occupy several other provinces. What I need is a sensational effect. When the hearts of the world are shaken and everyone is panicking, the actions of the Legalism will be like how the Buddhist Sect withstood the demonic calamity. It will make the people of the world grasp onto the last straw of hope. We must create an atmosphere where our Legalism is the savior of the world. Once such an atmosphere is created, all of our Legalism's Law Realms will receive the loyalty of the world and become a dimensional realm without any difficulty."

The Dharma Saint's words were all calculated, "Also, go and discuss with the Pygmy Death Emperor to release more demons to burn, kill, and plunder in China. The more chaotic the world is, the more people will think about our Legalism's laws."

"Don't worry, Milord. We will carry out these plots. Our Legalism operates on the ancient yin and yang. We must carry out both covert and overt plots." Fa Yuan Ji understood what the Dharma Saint meant.

"All of you, manage all the Dharma Realms. Hurry up and upgrade them. You must upgrade them before the Bijing Celestial Bureau. This is a great undertaking, and there is no room for sloppiness."

The Dharma Saint reminded again, "In the instant that all the Dharma Realms upgrade to a dimensional realm, I will personally take action to deal with the Hope of the People sphere. If the sphere upgrades to a dimensional realm at that time, it will be very difficult to deal with." "Yes!" Fa Yuan Ji bowed deeply.

"Who will take over this vast and boundless divine province?

The show has just begun. The three Heavenly Venerables are busy absorbing things from the Primordial Mist Tree, The Great Spirit God is busy devouring the Sorcerer Ancestor, Xing Qiongshi is licking his wounds, and the Immortal Master is setting up the Heavenly Designer Institute and the Eternal Demon Clan. The ancient Heavenly Demon Clan is not plotting any major upheaval.

And those True Gods that have been sealed have not come out. If the Heavenly Axiom retaliates and breaks Gu Taxian's seal, all the True Gods will appear. That will be the real excitement. "

The Dharma Saint looked at the divine continent, then looked at the sky. Then, his figure flashed and disappeared. "The Demon Disaster has appeared, and the world is in turmoil. Those Reincarnated Stars should be appearing soon. Take them all into the Legalism School and let them study my Book of Laws of the World. They will be given the title of Truth. That is the real fortune. The faith of the Reincarnated Stars is the real deal … " At the Bijing Celestial Bureau, the Hope of the People sphere. A few hundred breaths had passed since the Demon Disaster. The interior of the sphere had stabilized, and all the backbones had received great benefits.

The World Burying Coffin had been completely devoured by the Tree of Wishes. Now, the God of Wishes on the Tree of Wishes, apart from looking exactly the same as Gu Chensha, was 9,000 li tall. It was the same size as Jiang Gongwang. It sat cross-legged at the top of the Tree of Wishes. Every time it inhaled and exhaled, it would absorb the power of the space-time turbulence and turn it into World Power. Moreover, every time it circulated its magic power, endless chaotic aura would descend and be absorbed into the Tree of Wishes. Many fruits hung on the branches of the Tree of Wishes.

These fruits had not yet taken shape, and they could be forged into various existences according to Gu Chensha's will at any time.

There was also a pair of rainbow-colored wings on the back of the God of Wishes. They were more than 10,000 li long and wide, and with a slight flap, they could bring about a huge space-time storm.

'The God of Wishes is now equivalent to at least 20 Deity rank powerhouses, and there's still room for improvement. When it finally refines the power left behind by the World Burying Coffin, it will definitely mature and become 36 Deity rank powerhouses.' Zhuge Ya had already woken up from his meditation.

After a few hundred breaths of time, the Bijing Celestial Bureau finally passed the first tribulation.

Zhuge Ya knew what had just happened. He opened his eyes, and suddenly, two beams of light shot out from his eyes. These beams of light directly tore through space, and they possessed immense destructive power.

"You actually rose by two realms directly?

From the 25 transformations of the Undying Body to the 27 transformations of the Seamless Realm? "Gu Chensha was a little stunned.

He had only risen by one realm, but Zhuge Ya had actually broken through the most difficult barrier to break through.

"I've fused two Seven Star Profound Meanings, and am now at the ninth level of the True Dragon Technique."

Zhuge Ya said, "It's a pity that the Demon Disaster doesn't attack us anymore. Otherwise, if it comes again, we can borrow this power to completely transform it into a dimensional realm, and suppress the area."

"I've once again activated the Emperor's bloodline, and cultivated to the 25 transformations, the Undying Body!" Lou Baiyue's body turned into a flame, and within the flame, she floated out. And at this time, the Fourth had actually cultivated to the same realm! He was also at the 25 transformations, the Undying Body. This time, it was the biggest breakthrough.

The digestion of the World Burying Coffin, the countless treasures within were all refined, and the power of wishes was extracted.

"General of the Common People!"

Gu Chensha summoned slightly, and instantly 360 General of the Common People appeared. These General of the Common People improved along with him, and actually transformed into the 24 transformations, the Future Peeking Realm, and advanced once again.

With these 360 General of the 24 transformations, suppressing the world and eliminating the Demon Disaster, their chances were much higher.

"There were two huge waves of Devil Disasters. The first wave was blocked by us, and the second wave was blocked by the Buddhist Sect. However, there are still thousands of Devil Qi that have landed in the Ninety-Nine Prefectures with many experts of the Devil Race.

Gu Chensha said fiercely, "This is what our Calming Celestial Department needs to do next. Of course, the most important thing is to increase our own strength, and turn the Minor Chiliocosm into a Minor Chiliocosm. This crucial change has to be quick, and we have to surpass the Dharma Saint.

Or is it because my cultivation realm is too low, only at the 24 transformations? If I cultivate to the God Realm, I might be able to directly push it forward. "

"We have to deal with the Demon Disaster as soon as possible, and kill those demons as soon as possible. This isn't something a normal army can do, so we have to send out experts. The General of the Common People can roam the world."

Zhuge Ya said, "With the current strength of a General of the Common People, they can even suppress and kill demons of the 26 transformations!"

The General of the Common People had reached the Future Peeking Realm. They were at the fifth stage of the True Dragon Technique, and they could cross two realms to kill Demon Race experts. Every three General of the Common People could patrol a province.

"We aren't afraid of the scattered Demon Race experts, and we can easily clear them out. We don't even need to do anything, the experts of the people can kill them." Lou Baiyue nodded her head, "What about those aristocratic families? Will they use the Demon Disaster to attack? " "The Dharma Saint will definitely cause trouble."

The Fourth said, "He isn't afraid of our Calming Celestial Department at all. I even feel that he might personally come to snatch it after seeing that we are about to become a medium-grade world."

"Of course, the Dharma Saint will definitely come to an agreement with many of the Demon Race in order to stir up chaos in the world. He might even help the Demon Race to harm the world. This person isn't fit to be a Saint, but the Legalists are just like that. They don't have good or evil, and they just maintain their own order. The Legalists developed from the School of Yin Yang, and they use schemes and schemes, so they are the hardest to deal with."

Gu Chensha laughed coldly. "However, the Warlock Saint wants to covet my Small Chiliocosm, the Sphere of People's Will. I still want to covet all of his Dharma Realms. He definitely wants to advance before me, but I have enough confidence!

Before him, I will suppress all the aristocratic families. I will use the Legalists as a model to shock all the aristocratic families. " "Prince, do you have any ideas? To let our sphere quickly advance to a medium-grade world? "Zhuge Ya asked.

After Gu Chensha absorbed the Primordial Dragon Gate talisman, he had become even more profound. Even if Zhuge Ya was the Lord of the Two Stars, he still couldn't see through his changes.