Chapter 720
===========

"The Heavenly Talisman Emperor moved the capital city to the Desolate Mountains. That was truly an earth-shattering move. Reality has proven that he was right. There are cities everywhere in the Desolate Mountains now, and the population is growing rapidly. Plundering resources has eased the pressure on the population, and this is the reason why the empire is able to generate so much profit." The Martial Sage couldn't help but sigh as he stared at the old capital city.

"Emperor Father established the foundation for our governance. Only with this foundation can we forge ahead. Firstly, Emperor Father sealed the gods, sweeping away the worship and worship of the gods, unifying our thinking. Otherwise, with the gods causing mischief, we wouldn't be able to deal with them even now." Gu Chensha explained.

"I'm most proficient in the Martial Dao, and the least proficient in governance. Now that I'm touring the Divine Prefecture, I'm able to experience your governance. It's very useful for me to make up for my shortcomings, allowing me to break through to the Ascendant Realm."

The Martial Sage stared at the sky. "Sealing the gods is truly a huge move. Ignoring everything else, that God Mahākāśyapa is an existence that I can't fight against. He's extremely ancient, and even the three Ascendants couldn't do anything to him. Back then, even with the might of the Buddhist Sect and the divine might of a supreme Buddha, he could only defeat God Mahākāśyapa in a dao debate.

Other than that, there's also the God of Plagues, the God of Medicine, the God of Thunder, the God of Slaughter, the God of Rain, the God of Cloud, and the God of Lightning. If all of them were still alive, the world would be in chaos.

"In ancient times, there were three hundred and sixty true gods, all of whom were conferred titles by the ancient Son of Heaven. They corresponded to the number of heavenly cycles. Of those gods, about half of them perished. However, the other half didn't perish. Instead, their cultivation bases grew stronger and stronger. If they break out one day, the world will be embroiled in a storm of blood. "

The Martial Sage said, "You guys are strong, but not only are there too many of them, they're also extremely cunning. They won't fight you head-on, but will hide among the people, working together with the three Ascendants, Wan Senshi, the Immortal Lord, the Black Heaven Earth Sect, the Dharma Saint, and the demon race. You guys will be exhausted, not to mention that the Lord of the Sun and Moon has appeared. That brat wants to take over the world, and I'm afraid you guys won't be able to do anything to him. If I'm not wrong, he's brewing a new plan, which is to break the seal and release the sealed true gods."

The Martial Sage was, after all, a saint of the ancient times. Now that he was resurrected, he had a slight understanding of the world's situation, and he could analyze all kinds of flaws and results.

"Among the sealed true gods, the strongest is naturally God Maha. I wonder what his cultivation base is now. In the ancient times, he was already a Heavenly Venerable, so it wouldn't be strange for him to be in the Heavenly Longevity Realm now. Of course, compared to The Great Spirit God, there's still a gap."

Gu Chensha said, "Other than that, among the many true gods, there are a few who have cultivated to the Heavenly Venerable Realm." True gods were different from Deity realm experts.

True gods were experts who had obtained the support of the True God Throne. Their lifespan and fate energy were ten times stronger than ordinary Deity realm experts. Some True Gods used this advantage to gather faith, obtain fortuitous encounters, and comprehend oddities. Unknowingly, they tried to break through to the Heavenly Venerable Realm, and there were some who succeeded.

If all the true gods sealed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor were to break out, it would indeed cause great chaos, even surpassing the demon disaster.

Thinking about it, they were all-powerful True Gods who enjoyed the faith of all living beings. Now that they were suddenly deprived and sealed, it was hard to tell whether they were still alive or not. Once they were released, they would definitely be filled with resentment towards the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and even the imperial court, swearing to destroy their foundations.

Although the Tranquil Immortal Department was powerful now, they had enemies on all sides. At the most critical moment, they might suffer an avalanche of defeat.

Gu Chensha had also been thinking about this problem. Hence, he kept forming alliances. For example, he roped in the Cosmos Mystical Sect, Taiyi Mystical Sect, and Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect. Now, he was treating the Martial Sage well, and the Wu Clan had also joined the Tranquil Immortal Department.

The two of them stayed in the old capital city for a long time before they slowly came out. They bought a small boat and set off from the canal, preparing to travel around the country.

The boat that the Martial Sage and Gu Chensha bought was created by the Heavenly Craftsmen Department. It was silver-white in shape and looked very sturdy and beautiful.

The boat was powered by a type of crystal. The Heavenly Craftsmen Department called it 'Energy Block'. It was the crystallization and technology of the prehistoric civilization.

The Martial Sage and Gu Chensha stood at the bow of the boat. The boat naturally moved forward quickly, braving the wind and breaking the waves. It was as fast as an arrow leaving the bow.

The canal was originally very prosperous. In the 14th year of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, Gu Chensha sat on Lou Baiyue's boat and passed through the canal to the border of Xian Province. On the way, they even encountered the attack of the Demonic Black Bat, a Second Transformation Stage Dao Realm 'Nine Bulls and Two Tigers'. The two of them only arrived safely after defeating the Demonic Black Bat.

Thinking back to what happened in the past, almost 20 years had passed in the blink of an eye. Gu Chensha felt like it was a dream. Back then, Gu Chensha was only 15 years old. Now, he was almost 35 years old. According to the rules of the past, he was already a middle-aged man.

However, now that he had cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique, the passage of time could no longer leave any marks on his body. In fact, the passage of time could no longer affect his body. In truth, age didn't matter to him anymore. This was because time and time were just subjects of the Heavenly Dao. How could a subject be above a king?

"Back then, Father opened the canal and connected all the waterways in the world, eliminating floods and droughts. The land was ripe and famine was eliminated. At the same time, the transportation of resources was smooth and convenient. The world entered an unprecedented golden age." Gu Chensha introduced the place to the Martial Sage. The two of them drove the boat on the river. The river water was always rolling forward.

"The surging Yangtze River flows to the east, washing away all heroes." The Martial Sage was deep in thought. On the river, there were hundreds of boats. There were merchant ships, warships, flying boats, and all of them were in an orderly manner. The river was much wider and deeper than when the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was here.

Every year, the Calming Celestial Department would send out numerous cultivators to clean up the canals in the Central Plains of the Divine Continent.

If any river was not cleaned up, it would be blocked in two or three years, causing all kinds of floods.

In the past, cleaning up the river was a huge project, especially for the canals in the country. But now, the Calming Celestial Department had magical arts and machinery. They could easily transform the rivers and mountains according to the most perfect method.

"This network of canals covers the entire country. It's a huge project. The difficult part isn't the excavation, but the destruction of the various fengshui structures along the way. This will incur the opposition of the people in the world, even the aristocratic families and various clans."

The Martial Sage said, "For example, our Wu Clan. If the canal passes through Wu Province, it will actually change the fengshui of the entire Wu Clan, destroying the layout that the Wu Clan has been operating for thousands of years. The Wu Clan will fight to the death to not agree." "Lord Martial Sage is right."

Gu Chensha knew that the emperors of the past dynasties all knew the benefits of digging canals. Unfortunately, no great emperor, not even a Martial Emperor, could do this.

Digging canals would destroy the fengshui of the various provinces and change the layout of the Divine Continent. Countless forces, even immortal dao sects, would not allow such a thing to happen.

Think about it, as a great aristocratic family, with thousands of years of savings, I finally bought a land with a radius of a thousand miles and built a huge fengshui formation for the family.

But if the imperial court suddenly wanted to build a canal and connect your family's fengshui formation, it would cause severe damage and destroy the layout of a thousand years. It would be strange if the aristocratic family did not fight to the death. All the clans in the Divine Continent valued fengshui formations greatly.

In fact, the fengshui formation was also the most important part, greatly benefiting the luck of the clan.

The harmony between heaven and man. The fengshui formation was the relationship between heaven and man. Once it was destroyed, the clan's luck would decline, and there would be many tribulations in the future. This was equivalent to digging up the ancestral graves, no different from exterminating the clan.

And the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's canal had destroyed the fengshui of countless aristocratic families.

If it could be carried out smoothly, the twists and turns of the story, the open and veiled struggles, could almost be written into a heavy epic.

The Martial Saint believed that if he were the ruler of the world, he wouldn't be able to accomplish this.

Many airships whizzed past the clouds in the sky. This was one of the means of transportation in the Yongchō.

There were railways and centipede-like iron carriages on land, all sorts of boats on the canal, and airships in the sky.

This was the equivalent of a person with unobstructed meridians. The speed of blood circulation was like lightning, the speed of a tempest, and the strength of one's vitality far exceeded that of any dynasty.

The Martial Saint leisurely observed, comprehending the local customs and atmosphere of the nation. He found that it was completely different from his ancient understanding. It seemed that the Divine Continent was no longer the same as before, and that everything was subtly changing. The two landed in Stone Province.

After passing through the canal of the old capital, they arrived at Stone Province. The largest clan in Stone Province was the Shi Family, the family of Marquis Dashi. Marquis Dashi's position was transcendent, an expert born from stone.

He was sworn brothers with the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and was still an important pillar of the imperial court, assisting the Calming Immortal Department in many matters. Many of the Shi Family's disciples had also joined the department, and Marquis Dashi's son, Shi Zhongchan, was now one of the upper echelons. Marquis Dushi had been a Deity a long time ago.

Ever since the Calming Immortal Agency came to power, he had the people in his family assist the agency while he hid in the mountains of the Stone Province and cultivated in seclusion, attempting to cultivate to a higher level.

Gu Chensha and the Martial Sage had traveled the world. Since they had come to the Stone Province, they had to meet Marquis Dashi.

Firstly, it was to strengthen their relationship. Secondly, it was to let the Martial Sage guide Marquis Dashi in some martial arts. In the future, the Wu Clan and the Shi Clan would also have dealings. After all, the Warrior Saint was the teacher of the Martial Taoist Ancestor of mankind.

Marquis Dashi had a great destiny. Gu Chensha faintly felt that this person might even be a key figure in the future tribulations.

Moreover, Marquis Dashi had recently gone into seclusion. Who knew what fortuitous encounter he had? Gu Chensha wanted to know more about it. Marquis Jushi was the most senior official in the court. Our official mobile phone's newest reader app has been released!

New products updated daily, huge amount of content, small size, less traffic, no ads, more convenient to find, quickly follow the official WeChat account Jiakonglishi (Press and hold for three seconds to copy) Download mobile app.]