Chapter 683
===========

Gu Chensha went into hiding, while Longevity God directly landed in the capital of the Holy Sama Empire.

The capital city was huge and majestic. The most eye-catching thing was the temple. The statue of Jing Qiu towered into the clouds. Layers of light radiated in all directions. There were thousands of rays of light and thousands of auspicious Qi. Even at night, the entire capital city was illuminated so brightly that there was not a trace of darkness. This was a miracle. Countless people saw this statue, and their faith in the True God Jing Qiu became even more pious.

"Jing Qiu's way of ruling a country is indeed good. He combined faith and development to create a new civilization in the depths of the desert. This text, history, scriptures, myths, and even cultivation are all unique. In time, I'm afraid his achievements will be great. Longevity God directly stepped into a layer of space in the depths of the temple. This was Jing Qiu's dust world.

Jing Qiu naturally had not yet been able to create his dust world into a small chiliocosm. Although he had a lot of means, a small chiliocosm was still a small chiliocosm. It needed a deep foundation to accumulate, and he was still very shallow. At this time, Jing Qiu was cultivating in his dust world, comprehending the mysteries. Below him was a throne, the great position of the True God, the title of the God of Lu.

He was operating his own changes, combining with the great position of the God of Lu, making it even more intimate.

Suddenly, the great position of the God of Lu emitted a fluctuation. It seemed that the deepest part of the core did not want to accept Jing Qiu.

Jing Qiu's consciousness retreated and frowned, "Sure enough, the great position of the True God needs the cooperation of fate and karma. I am not the successor of the God of Lu, and there is no fate to speak of with the God of Lu. Now that I have forcibly seized the great position of the True God, although I have gained enough benefits from it, such as increasing my lifespan and becoming a True God, I still lack the most crucial thing to perfect the fusion. But who am I, Jing Qiu?

If a mere True God doesn't submit to me, then how can I laugh proudly in the world, control the universe, and become an invincible overlord and the one and only Supreme God? " Jing Qiu expressed an ambition that even the Dharma Saint did not have.

His ambitions were enormous. Back when he had been undying, he had dared to contact various forces to overthrow the Imperial Court. Although he had been defeated by Zhuge Ya, and the Jing Clan had been captured and destroyed, he had been able to escape unscathed. Now, he had become much more powerful. Suddenly, he had a thought and his face lit up: "Longevity God, I know you are here, come out."

"Jing Qiu is indeed Jing Qiu. As expected of the person chosen by the Dharma Saint. Even Wan Senshi is full of praise for you. I didn't expect you to know I was coming. " Longevity God appeared in Jing Qiu's dust world: "It seems that your cultivation has improved?"

"I know that God Lu's True God position is fated with you. You have to come and take it. If you don't take it, your cultivation method won't be perfect. This is your fatal weakness."

Jing Qiu looked at Longevity God fiercely, and a bright light appeared on his body: "Sure enough, you obtained the True God position of Longevity God and Blessing God, so you couldn't wait to come to me. It's natural for you to want to perfect all three positions. If an ordinary god obtains a True God position, it is a great fortune. You obtained two at once, and it also matches with your fate. In time, you will definitely achieve great results. After a little cleansing in the Great Tribulation, you can obtain the strongest magical power, and it won't be surprising for you to advance to the Heavenly Lord Realm in the future. But you came to me and wanted to obtain the True God position of Lu God, which is a big mistake. " "What's the mistake?"

Longevity God was a bit curious, he looked around and said: "Jing Qiu, you are really astute. You knew that I was coming, so you set up some things.

You also know that I, Longevity God, have a great destiny. Sooner or later, I will obtain the True God position of Longevity God and Blessing God. So, you waited here and used the True God position of Lu God as bait. Aren't you afraid that I won't take the bait? "

"Yes, Longevity God, you saw it very clearly. Why couldn't you help but fall into the trap?" Jing Qiu sighed.

"Even if you obtained the three True God positions, it doesn't seem to be of any use. The True God position is only fated with me."

Longevity God was not afraid at all: "Moreover, you, Jing Qiu, not only can't do anything to me, but you will also dig a hole for yourself. Do you think you are my opponent? " "Then what if you add this concubine?"

A light laugh came out, and a charming woman appeared next to Jing Qiu. This woman's body rippled with a combination of bewitching and sacred luster. Behind this woman, nine faintly appeared.

"Hu Gu God."

Longevity God frowned slightly: "Weren't you in the Heavenly Fiend Book? Later, you were refined by Celestial Tranquility Department. Why are you still in the mortal world?" "The me in the Heavenly Fiend Book is just a clone."

Hu Gu God laughed: "Celestial Tranquility Department destroyed my foundation and ruined my plans. If I don't take revenge, I am not human." "With just you and Jing Qiu, you are just delivering food to me." Longevity God said.

"We are just subjects. The one who truly wants to subdue you is Lord North Star."

At this time, Jing Qiu spoke: "Back then, I received Lord North Star's help. He bestowed me with a connate treasure, the Central Wuji Virtuous Flag. It could have gathered earth virtue and controlled the world. Unfortunately, it was destroyed by the Lord of Seven Stars. But Lord North Star's benevolence is not the same as before. This time, Lord North Star wants to reappear and take control of the situation. He wants to unify all the demons in the world and rebuild his banner. I naturally have to lend him a hand. Lord North Star has taken a fancy to your talent and has decided to take you as his subordinate.

How about it? As long as you truly become his subordinate, my position as the true god of the Lu God will be yours. " At this time, Jing Qiu unexpectedly bowed: "Lord North Star, please show yourself."

At this time, an enormous black hole appeared in the dust world. The black hole turned earthen yellow, and boundless earth power surged out.

An existence that looked like a dragon yet wasn't a dragon, like a snake yet wasn't a snake appeared. It was North Star. The Myriad Demon Progenitor, formed from the essence of the earth. This was a Heavenly Venerable level existence. North Star had appeared.

North Star's body changed slightly, and it turned into a human. It was a man wearing an ancient yellow robe. His eyes were gloomy, his nose was tall, and his hair was earthen yellow. He stood in the air, and his body surged with boundless tyranny. The tyrannical will of the earth shook heaven and earth. Even Longevity God couldn't bear it and quickly retreated.

"It's actually the Myriad Demon Progenitor, North Star." Longevity God finally understood why Jing Qiu was so confident.

Jing Qiu had submitted to the Dharma Saint, and his position as the true god of the Lu God was bestowed to him by the Dharma Saint. His number one disciple, Jing Fanxing, was nurtured by Wan Senshi.

Sandwiched between these two factions, Jing Qiu could be said to be a mouse in a bellows. He was bullied by both sides, and his days were tough. However, he was really cunning, and he actually brought in a third faction, the North Star.

Once the North Star appeared, it could balance the conflict between the Dharma Saint and Wan Senshi, and create a buffer for Jing Qiu.

"Longevity God."

After the North Star appeared, he looked at Longevity God and said, "If you submit to me, work for me, and be my subject, I will let Jing Qiu give you the position of the Lu God, and let the three great True Gods unite into one. This is a great thing.

I also need a talent like you. When I sweep across the world again, the demon race will make a comeback. As long as you help me, I will use the supreme mysterious technique to help you advance and let you seize the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons. At that time, the demon race will prosper, and you will be the number one hero. "

"So that's what the North Star is planning." Longevity God immediately understood that he was a piece of delicious cake that everyone wanted to have.

Immediately, he said, "It turns out that Lord North Star is here. Since you think so highly of me, I should not refuse. But I am now a member of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals. If I surrender to you, Wan Senshi will definitely make me die without a burial place."

"Don't worry about that. Since you have become an important subject under my command, I will never let Wan Senshi touch you." The North Star looked at Longevity God again.

Longevity God looked doubtful. He knew that although the North Star was the ancestor of all demons, compared to Wan Senshi, he was still a bit inferior.

Wan Senshi was older and more ancient than the three Heavenly Venerables, and he could even call them little guys. How could the North Star be the opponent of Wan Senshi?

"You just joined the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, not really surrendered to Wan Senshi. Besides, Wan Senshi is just setting up the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, and he doesn't treat it as a serious matter."

The North Star said, "If you surrender to me now, Wan Senshi can't say anything. If he goes against me, he's just making an enemy out of thin air."

"Longevity God, promise him. It doesn't matter. I'm in your world of dust, and I can solve all the restrictive spells of the North Star." At this time, Gu Chensha's voice resounded in Longevity God's world of dust.

"Your Highness, you know all about it?"

Longevity God was startled. He knew that Gu Chensha had remarkable abilities, but he didn't expect that Gu Chensha was still hiding in his world of dust.

"Of course, I plan before I act."

Gu Chensha said, "If I can't even deal with Jing Qiu, how can I fight against Wan Senshi and the other giants in the future?

I've been fighting against Xing Qiong Clan in the medium-class world, and I've honed my skills. Today, I can use the North Star to test my skills. " "Since Your Highness is so sure, I will naturally obey your order." Longevity God was relieved.

Immediately, he said to the North Star, "Your Excellency North Star, since you think so highly of me, I will naturally obey your order.

Now, I will surrender to Your Excellency North Star. If Your Excellency can give me the throne of Lu God, from now on, I will follow Your Excellency's orders. "