Chapter 176
===========

"Father, please ask for instructions."

Gu Chensha didn't have many errands to do. His biggest task was to enlist Baoyu Nation and recruit immortal cultivators. Apart from that, he had to appease the remnants of the imperial court. These three matters had to be planned slowly and couldn't be rushed.

"It's imperative to collect taxes from the immortal dao sects."

Celestial Talisman Emperor said, "For the world, the immortal dao's demands aren't like the world's returns. The court's reform won't let go of such a flaw.

How about this, you, Yuefu County, and Prince Hua will set up a government office called the Calming Immortal Bureau. Princess Yuefu will be the chief, and the two of you will be the deputies.

The task is to standardize the immortal dao. In the future, sects must be registered with the bureau and approved.

At the same time, the Calming Immortal Department had to calculate how many Immortal Dao Sects there were in the world. Those sects had to be recorded and their taxes calculated. Afterward, they had to pay the taxes. If those sects didn't pay the taxes, the Calming Immortal Department had to go to collect them. In addition, in the future, if there were any Immortal Dao Sects that weren't recorded, they had to be disbanded. The same goes for the demonic and demonic daos. " Gu Chensha was greatly shocked when he heard this. He hadn't expected Celestial Talisman Emperor to place such a heavy burden on him. He knew that he wouldn't be able to do it even if he was a hundred times stronger.

For example, the Department of Tranquil Immortals wanted all the sects to register and ascend to the throne first. They had to report the assets of the sects so that they could calculate taxes. The ancient seventy-two sects wouldn't pay any attention to them. If he went to collect taxes, he probably wouldn't even be able to find the location of the sects. However, he also understood that the establishment of a government office was a big deal. The three stepped forward and said, "Your subjects obey."

"I've already ordered the Celestial Designer Institute to set up a bureau on the same level as the Celestial Designer Institute. Nobles and ministers can't enter without an imperial edict."

Celestial Talisman Emperor said, "Bestow the Sacred Dragon Army, a hundred thousand Horned Wyrm Armors, three thousand Hornless Dragon Armors, thirty Great Dragon Armors, ten King Dragon Armors, and one God Dragon Armor. In addition, there are all kinds of pills and treasures. Gao Ling, give the list to Princess Yuefu and record it. " "Understood!" Gao Ling took out a densely packed list and gave it to Lou Baiyue.

"Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldier!"

Many princes, nobles, and dukes who knew the ins and outs of the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor were all shocked and jealous of the three of them. At the same time, they knew that the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor wanted to establish a government office similar to the Heavenly Designer Institute.

"The Divine Dragon Celestial Soldier …" Gu Chensha knew that it was a supreme puppet. He had seen it in books before. Its upper body was a human, and its lower body was a dragon. It was extremely powerful, far more powerful than the Heavenly Works Demon God.

He had seen the Herculean Heavenly Works Demon God before. It was already extremely powerful, but it was only used for construction and transportation.

On the other hand, the Sacred Dragon Celestial Weapon was used for battle and protection. Its power was incomparable to that of the Heavenly Works Ghostly Deities.

However, these items were not bestowed to individuals. Instead, they were assets allocated to the Celestial Pacification Department. It was impossible for such a huge yamen to be completely destitute.

However, this also meant that from now on, Gu Chensha would be in a high position of power and would be in control of the real key departments.

However, the matters of this key department were not simple. The entire imperial court was watching. If he did not produce some results, it would be difficult to explain himself.

"The duties of the Celestial Pacification Department are extraordinary. The three of you cannot slack off. What you bear is the fate of the imperial court for thousands of years. If the Immortal Dao pays taxes, the fate of the nation will become more and more prosperous." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor was right.

The national policy of paying taxes as a whole could prolong the fate of the nation for a hundred years, not to mention the immortal dao sects paying taxes and performing corvee labor.

"Yes."

Lou Baiyue's expression was calm. No one could tell what she was thinking, but Gu Chensha knew that she would definitely do her best to get things done.

Moreover, as time passed, Lou Baiyue would become more and more powerful. Fortunately, she was one of them now, and their relationship was close. They could even share secrets, so there would not be any disadvantages.

"Father!"

At this moment, the Tenth Prince Gu Chensha jumped out. "Your son also wants to join the Celestial Pacification Department to share father's burden and work for the imperial court." "Your son is also willing!"

At this time, the First Prince, the Third Prince, and the Seventh Prince all walked out, requesting to join.

They could already see that this Celestial Pacification Department would definitely have a high status and authority in the future. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor would give his full support to build a government office like the Heavenly Designer Institute. This government office was a piece of juicy meat. If they did not join, they would lose a huge opportunity.

"Hmph!"

Gu Chensha felt disdain in his heart. "These brothers are not here to work for the imperial court. Seeing that Father has allocated so many things for the Celestial Pacification Department, they are all selfish and want a share of the wealth."

If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor did not allocate the Dragon Saint Heavenly Soldiers, armors, pills, and other riches to the Celestial Pacification Department, this group of princes might not come forward to ask for help.

"All of you have your own tasks, there is no need to create a ruckus."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor waved his hand. "Chensha, you have guarded the seas for more than ten years, causing a rift between the hundred countries overseas and the imperial court. For your own selfish gains, you cultivated a demonic art and killed countless lives. If not for the fact that you are my son, you would have been executed long ago. Go and reflect on your mistakes."

"Yes, yes, yes!" The First Prince Gu Hengsha hurriedly knelt down. "Your son is guilty, your son is guilty." He didn't dare to retort. This was a direct reprimand, and it was not a good sign in front of so many officials.

In fact, ever since the Heavenly Talisman Emperor stripped him of his military authority, many people in the imperial court knew that the First Prince had fallen out of favor.

Of course, some people knew that the First Prince didn't do a good job in guarding the seas. His relationship with the various countries was really strained and his reputation wasn't good either. He didn't support the customs at all and he had been pocketing his own money.

On the other hand, Gu Chensha's reputation gradually improved. From the Southern Mountain Hunting Competition, to quelling the rebellion in Ba Nan Province, subduing the Barbarian Race's emissaries, killing the Four Great Demons, establishing his fiefdom, and then painstakingly building the Black Tortoise Sailing Out to Sea, subduing the Gu Poison Sect, opening a medical hall, and then opening the trade route between Dragon Sword Island and Baoyu Nation. He even contacted Luo Wu, Bao Ming 'er, and many other people from the Immortal Dao Sect to open a school.

The many princes had aristocratic families supporting them, but they couldn't compare to Gu Chensha's rise in a year. The only problem was that his cultivation wasn't high. The First Prince was at the Dao Realm Nine Transformation and the Seventh Prince was the same.

"It is good that you are guilty. Back off."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said, "I told you to attack a Barbarian Race God Temple and you dragged your feet. You only did it for your own benefit and didn't want to work for the imperial court. What is the point of having you?" His scolding was really strict. The Crown Prince Gu Hengsha retreated and exited the hall. He didn't dare to stay any longer. Many princes lowered their heads.

"Seven, I told you to attack Mohe God Temple, how did it go?" The Heavenly Talisman Emperor asked.

"Reporting to Imperial Father, your son has led several experts to fight against the Temple of Mohe. Both sides have won and lost, but we have killed more than ten Barbarian Marshals and several High Priests of the Temple. Their corpses have already been sent to the Heavenly Craftsman Institute."

"Very good, God Mahākāśyapa is the number one Fiend God of the Barbarian Race. He has existed since the primordial era and is extremely mysterious. Although he was sealed by me, the experts in his temple are as many as the clouds. You are able to accomplish this." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor didn't reprimand Gufasa this time. He nodded and continued, "I won't bury the merits of your actions. For example, Boss.

Gao Ling, head to your storage and take a bowl of Netherworld Reincarnation Soup. After the meeting, give it to Seven. " "Many thanks, Father!" The Seventh Prince Gufasha was overjoyed.

He knew that the Netherworld Reincarnation Soup was the legendary holy water of the Yama Devil Sect. As long as one drank it, it was equivalent to entering the cycle of reincarnation, abandoning the old world and gaining a new life. Not only could it increase one's lifespan, it could also improve one's aptitude, allowing one to break through bottlenecks.

This water had long disappeared from the world, yet it was still in the storage of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor?

"Third Brother." "Son is here." The Third Prince Gufasha walked up, "Father, please give me your instructions."

"You've also done well recently. You've successively conquered several barbarian tribes and captured 800,000 barbarians. You've even captured a barbarian king alive. You've even subdued him with the Amitabha Heart Cleansing Mantra and made him a general under your command.

The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor was actually very knowledgeable about all sorts of things. "I won't bury such a great merit. I will bestow upon you an Eight-Division Bodhi Pill. This pill was left behind by the ancient Buddhist Sect and is very suitable for your cultivation art." "Many thanks, Father." Gufasha knelt down.

"Little Ten."

"Son is here." The Tenth Prince Guzhensha hurriedly knelt down, feeling joy in his heart, thinking that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor would reward him as well.

Who would have thought that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor would glance at him, "Recently, your performance in attacking the Barbarian Tribes can't be considered good, but it can't be considered bad either. But you didn't slack off either. This time, I won't punish you, nor will I reward you. I called you here to set an example for you. Eldest Brother made a huge mistake, I will reprimand him. Third Brother and Little Seven did well, I will reward them. You all have to understand one thing, as long as you are loyal to the imperial court, I will like you.

"Son will listen to your teachings." The princes all kowtowed.

"Speaking of which, this catastrophe is also an opportunity."

Seeing that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had finished dealing with the princes, Lou Chongxiao spoke, "His Majesty has long planned to rebuild the cities in the country. Now that many places have been destroyed, it's a good time to rebuild the cities." "That's true."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor continued, "All the prefectures have already made plans to rebuild the cities after the calamity. Today, I summoned all of you here to inspect the cities and supervise the local officials. The reconstruction of the cities cannot be entirely dependent on the Heavenly Designer Institute. The commoners have to be mobilized and taught some things." "This subject will do his best to accomplish this." The various officials all knelt down.

"Third Earl." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor spoke again.

"This subject is here."

Third Earl trembled in fear. He was someone from the Heng Clan and everyone in the imperial court knew of this. Now that the First Prince was being reprimanded, he felt that something wasn't right.

"Don't panic, I will give you a mission. After the calamity, you will be in charge of collecting donations and separate them from the national treasury. The major clans, aristocratic clans and merchant groups will all donate generously. Record down the donations and spend them. In the future, you will be rewarded accordingly." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor gave him a heavy responsibility.