Chapter 1024
============

Chapter 1020: Creating Gu Chensha

"Can we really create Gu Chensha?"

The Confucianism Ancestor was still a little skeptical. Through the series of events, he felt that Gu Chensha was too powerful. He could basically turn everything around. Even Zhao Jiangshan, who was many times stronger than him, could easily crush him. He had lost confidence in dealing with Gu Chensha. Sometimes, he even thought about submitting to Gu Chensha and enduring the humiliation to survive.

But now, the words of the Nihility Ancestor and the Emperor Of Heaven rekindled the flame of hope in him. If they could change the structure of the world, it would be a great thing.

"Moreover, we can obtain a series of insights in the process of creating Gu Chensha. Let's all reach Heavenly Dao first."

The Nihility Ancestor, The Fourth, Gu Huasha, said, "I can say that no one can be truly invincible. And no one knows Gu Chensha better than I do. Back then, Gu Chensha even needed my guidance. I know how Gu Chensha got to where he is now." "Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, and the others didn't come?" The Emperor Of Heaven looked around.

"Jing Qiu and Gu Huo have completely submitted to Gu Chensha. They won't do anything to harm Gu Chensha. They chose to submit with sincerity, especially Jing Qiu. What a pity."

The Fourth sighed. "But everyone has their own ambitions. We can't force them. I hope they don't regret it." "If that's the case, let's start."

The Confucianism Ancestor said, "We'll find a place and build a universe. On the surface, we'll follow Gu Chensha's will, but in reality, we'll create a new Gu Chensha according to our ideas. We'll use this Gu Chensha to kill the real Gu Chensha. It'll be best if both of them die. Then, we'll be completely free." "Yes, that's the plan."

The Fourth nodded. "Confucianism Ancestor, we'll have to rely on you to persuade the other ancestors. In my opinion, you're the best candidate."

"Leave this matter to me." As the Confucian Ancestor spoke, it was clear that he was duty-bound to do so.

"Let's go." The Fourth, Gu Huasha, and the Emperor Of Heaven left.

"Mister Zhuge."

At the same time, on the other side of the palace, Jing Qiu and Gu Huo were reporting to Zhuge Ya. Jing Qiu said, "The Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha have always had rebellious intentions, including the Human Ancestor Zhang Ziran. Now that they're building a universe, I'm afraid something bad will happen to His Majesty. We should take precautions."

"Jing Qiu, you've always been against His Majesty, even becoming the vanguard to overthrow Yongchō. For the first person who dared to rebel, the two of us fought. In the end, I suppressed you, causing more than half of your clan to perish. Why have you changed your mind now?"

Zhuge Ya looked at Jing Qiu. It had to be said that Jing Qiu was a powerful person. For so many years, he'd stood at the peak.

"His Majesty's path is correct. I've come to realize that everything I've done before was wrong."

Jing Qiu said sincerely, "The Dragonless Heart Sutra has truly expanded the world. The world is no longer a cage. Our cultivation will improve along with the expansion of the world. I'm looking forward to it. If His Majesty succeeds, how far will we evolve?

All living beings in the world will be able to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, obtaining eternal and inexhaustible spiritual power. Creating a truly eternal and indestructible world. This is the true cycle. "

"It's good that you can think that way. Because of the creation of living beings, the universe has become limitless. That's the wonderful part. It's a pity that the Fourth and the others don't understand. Of course, it's obvious that they want more power. They're not willing to submit to others. But if they continue to cause trouble, I'm afraid the efficiency of His Majesty's plan will be greatly reduced." Jing Qiu said.

"I have my own arrangements for this matter."

Zhuge Ya said, "The two of you pay close attention to the movements of the Emperor Of Heaven and the Fourth. If there's an opportunity, immediately report to me." "Yes." Jing Qiu and Gu Huo left.

At this time, a figure appeared in front of Zhuge Ya. His body emitted an extremely tyrannical ancestral aura. Above his head, there were two figures. Their auras were the same as his. This ancestor was much stronger than the Confucianism Ancestor and the others. He was only inferior to the Emperor Of Heaven, the Fourth, and Zhang Ziran.

"Longevity God, how's the matter?"

This was actually Longevity God, one of the subordinates that Gu Chensha had subdued in the past. But now, he had become one with the three ancestors. He had become Blessing Ancestor, Prosperity Ancestor, and Longevity Ancestor. This way, he would definitely be extremely powerful.

"Mister, a lot of things have been taken care of."

Longevity God nodded, "Now, the number of people comprehending the Heart Sutra in the Human World is increasing every day. In addition, some ancestors are also being born. On average, a large number of Empyrean level experts are born every day …" Longevity God reported all kinds of data.

"Closely monitor."

Zhuge Ya said, "Also, prevent that terrible thing's will from seeping into the bodies of the ancestors and causing damage to the Human World. The recent expansion of the world and the increase in the number of people cultivating the Dragonless Heart Sutra have also secretly affected that terrible thing." "Once that terrible thing is born, it will be a huge threat to us.

But with His Majesty's current ability, he can seal that terrible thing. Why not seal it? "Longevity God was somewhat puzzled.

"That terrifying thing's strength is indeed tyrannical. Even if it's sealed, it can't actually be killed. Furthermore, even if it's killed, it will still be born after a long period of time. It's better to let it mature and grow, and finally completely fuse it into the world. Furthermore, there's one more point, and that is that its birth can intensify the growth of the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Moreover, His Majesty's intention is to rescue Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. " Zhuge Ya said, "Don't doubt it. Follow His Majesty's path and you will obtain true eternity." "I know about this."

A look of excitement appeared on Longevity God's face. "Actually, I want to see what kind of impact that terrifying thing will have on the world when it really appears." "Actually, once that terrible thing is born, it will devour everything in the world."

Zhuge Ya said, "You can think of it as Fa Wuxian countless times bigger. His Majesty's Dragonless Heart Sutra is about sacrificing everything and creating infinity, while that terrible thing devours everything. It can be said that His Majesty is subverting everything, carrying out an unprecedented change. In the past, our survival was actually based on plundering, without any creation. We must change this. "

"That's true. I now completely understand that we are the true pioneers. In the past, when all living beings opened their eyes, they had to breathe, drink, eat, and so on. They were all plundering.

Now that we have opened our eyes, we are creating mountains and rivers, living beings, spiritual energy, celestial energy, etc. We don't need to plunder, we just give. "

Zhuge Ya sighed, "Each day, the world will change because of us. We definitely won't allow people like Fa Wuxian to exist." "The world is starting to change."

At this moment, Gu Chensha stood on the throne and looked at the changes in the human world. Everything was vivid in his eyes and couldn't escape his eyes.

In a remote area of the mortal world, there was a small town that was still in the feudal era. Carriages, oxen, fields, wooden houses, stone cities, and powerful martial artists of the pugilistic world whistled past with swords and sabers in hand. Some Dao Realm experts presided over an area, just like the Central Plains Divine Prefecture in the past.

In a broken wooden house in the town, there was a young man reading. This book was very tattered and no one knew where he picked it up from, but it recorded many cultivation methods.

"Unfortunately, this should be a secret book, but I don't have pills or resources, so I can't cultivate at all."

The young man looked at it for a while and tried his best to circulate the power in his body, but there was no power in his body at all.

Any cultivation required resources. In this continent, in this country, the children of rich families were born with many spirit medicines and were born with a silver spoon in their mouths, so their cultivation speed was extremely fast. However, the children of poor families basically didn't have a chance at all.

"I will definitely cultivate a peerless martial art to take revenge. When will I be able to take revenge?"

The young man roared, feeling very indignant. His rage reached a peak, "Why is the world so unfair? Those with power and money can always rise up, while those without power and money can only be lowly people for the rest of our lives. Why is this …" Intense anger spread out from his body and seemed to infect the words on the book. Instantly, the meaning of the words became alive.

"The human heart is eternal and boundless …" Suddenly, the young man felt that he started to understand the meaning of the book. "So it's like this. The human heart contains boundless power, but people can't develop it. They lack a key. If we can obtain this key, we can open the treasury. Not only do we not need to steal power from the outside, but we can also give the world more things. We are not stealing the world but enriching it. Everyone is the world's parent."

With that thought, an incomparably tyrannical power suddenly surged out from the depths of the youth's heart. This power surged out in waves and rapidly transformed his own body. Crackle!

His body suddenly became incomparably strong. Then, from the depths of his pores, spiritual energy actually spurted out.

"Spirit qi, this is spirit qi …" The young man was overjoyed, "I know that once one cultivates to a certain level, one can comprehend the spirit qi of heaven and earth and absorb it into one's body to change one's body, making one extremely powerful. This is what it means to be a Dao Realm expert. Once one steps into the Dao Realm, one will become a truly powerful person. At the very least, one will be able to rule over the surrounding 100 kilometers. Have I already become a Dao Realm expert? But my spirit qi comes from within my body and is not absorbed from the outside world. "

The young man felt as if a small hole had opened up in the depths of his soul. Power gushed out from it, and the moment it came into contact with his body, it turned into Spirit Qi. Then, the Spirit Qi gushed out in all directions, spreading out from his body and into the surrounding air. After that, his shabby wooden house was filled with Spirit Qi.