Chapter 561
===========

It could be said that Xing Qianxiong had sacrificed all his treasures.

He had worked hard to capture demons in the Demonic Realm. He had spent a lot of time and energy before finally using the Divine Land Demon Sealing Lantern to seal a large number of demons. There were powerful existences among these demons that ordinary God-rank experts would find difficult to capture. From this, it could be seen that Xing Qianxiong relied on the power of the Xing Qiong Clan to run rampant in the Demonic Realm.

Now that Gu Chensha had absorbed the entire Divine Land Demon Sealing Lantern, he felt that demons could not be enlightened. He might as well get it over with once and for all. Although it was a pity, there was no other way.

The Tree of Wishes was very direct. It wrapped around the Divine Land Demon Sealing Lantern and crushed it. With a crack, the world collapsed and everything within it turned into nothingness. Under the crushing of the Minor Chiliocosm, the demon experts within could not escape death. Huge amounts of life essence and souls were absorbed. This was the first time that the Tree of Wishes had absorbed so many demons.

The Tree of Wishes was originally a seed of a Blood-Sucking Demon Vine. After being stimulated by Gu Chensha, it took root in the Bottomless Sea of Sin and absorbed countless demons. Finally, it turned into a Rainbow Demon Vine, then the Touch of the Demon God, and finally, it was refined into a Heavenly Demon Tree.

Then, under the control of Zhuge Ya and the baptism of Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Technique day and night, the Heavenly Demon Tree absorbed countless primordial treasures and artifacts, and finally, it became a Tree of Wishes.

Now that the Tree of Wishes had absorbed all of Xing Qianxiong's power, the God of Wishes was born and matured. It began to absorb these demons and immediately began a new transformation.

The light on the entire Tree of Wishes converged and became an ordinary tree. It had returned to its original state.

However, within the Tree of Wishes, there seemed to be layers of spatial faults. Inside the tree, it began to produce the power of the world at a crazy rate, brewing many tiny worlds. The Hong Meng Tree itself could give birth to many worlds.

Now that the Tree of Wishes had devoured so many demons, it began to take on the characteristics of the Hong Meng Tree.

"Good!

This tree can be considered a hub that stabilizes the foundation. With this tree as a supplement, the Life's Wish sphere will be much stronger than a Minor World of the same level. Gu Chensha felt gratified as he watched the changes to the Tree of Desire.

Whether it was the Heavenly Demon Tree or the Tree of Hope, they were both supreme treasures that could suppress worlds and strengthen space and time. If one planted this tree in their own world, it would have a power dozens of times stronger than other worlds.

By the time the Tree of Desire absorbed the Divine Continent Devil Sealing Lamp and all the devils, it would evolve again. At the same time, Zhuge Ya had already set up the altar.

This altar was extremely large, with a circumference of several hundred li. Stars revolved around it, forming a seven-star alignment.

Countless Star Powers Upanishads appeared on the altar as if they were summoning something from the ancient times.

At this time, Zhuge Ya walked around the altar barefoot, sword in hand, stepping on the shadows of countless stars.

All of a sudden, the power of the world within the Minor World surged like a raging tide. Countless power of the world slashed through the space-time turbulence, forming a passageway.

Then, Gu Chensha discovered that at the end of the passageway, there was a vague fog. It was unknown how vast and vast it was. That was the fog of space-time.

Within the mist, there was a coffin that had countless chains wrapped around it, continuously moving about. That coffin was enormous like a mountain, and its surface was densely covered in runes. It was ancient and full of the vicissitudes of time, giving off an aura that could bury the heavens. This was the World Burying Coffin. Zhuge Ya activated the altar's technique to strengthen the connection, but he didn't summon it.

Gu Chensha could feel that summoning this coffin required a huge amount of power. It was possible that the Minor World's reserves would be sucked dry.

"Big Dipper Transposition!"

At this time, Zhuge Ya activated the technique again. Countless Star Powers descended, continuously condensing into a large array on the altar.

"Gold Medallion!"

With a point of his finger, he placed the Regal Propria token into the array. Then, he bowed and bowed before starting to set up the array.

"Mister Zhuge, this isn't a summoning array. It's a Big Dipper Shift Formation. Could it be …" Gu Chensha saw through some mysteries.

"That's right."

Zhuge Ya said, "Actually, summoning the World Burying Coffin requires a huge amount of energy. It's also too big of a commotion, and other forces might take advantage of it. It's better to bide our time and wait for an opportunity.

When the demons and the Crimson Firmament Sect attack us, I'll take the risk and open up the Minor World. I'll let the boundless bombardment of energy enter the array and help us summon the World Burying Coffin. This is where the mysteries of the Big Dipper Shift Formation lie. " "This plan is extremely sinister."

Gu Chensha frowned and said, "Firstly, if we open up the Minor World and let it receive so many attacks, once we lose control, it will be destroyed from the inside. That would be like Xing Qian Xiong, letting a wolf into the house and letting me refine it from the inside.

Secondly, I'm afraid we don't have the ability to convert this energy. Thirdly, the moment we open up the Minor World, we will let those with ulterior motives see our true trump card. I'm afraid we won't be able to withstand the next attack and will directly collapse. At that time, I'm afraid we'll die without a burial. "

"Your Highness's consideration is not bad. However, we seek riches in danger. This is the biggest gamble.

Of course, we can't do it now, but if you can get the Primordial Desolate Dragon Sect Will Talisman from the Martial Emperor, then I'll be 90% confident. "

Zhuge Ya's eyes shone brightly, "Do you remember that you used the Dragon Transformation Tower to form the Dragon Gate? The Dragon Gate can absorb all Xiantian Earth Energy and turn it into Dragon Nurturing Energy. This was why you were able to use the Dragon Gate to kill the Lightning Beast King when you were only at the Dao Realm Transformation Six. You became famous and shocked the world. From this, one can see that even a small Dragon Gate can absorb Earth Energy, much less the true Primordial Dragon Gate." "That's true."

Gu Chensha said, "That day in the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven, the Martial Emperor activated the Primordial Dragon Gate Will Talisman and actually suppressed the Divine God Prefecture Ten Thousand Ominous Armor. It even suppressed the strength of the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven itself. If not for Xing Qiong descending and activating the Divine God Prefecture Technique, the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven would have been taken away by the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven. I personally saw the strength of the talisman. " "The Martial Emperor's biggest treasure was the talisman."

Zhuge Ya said, "Back then, he went around creating Dragon Transformation Pagodas and worshiped the Primitive Dragon Gate. He actually succeeded in being summoned by the Primitive Dragon Gate and obtained the Dragon Raising Mantra and that talisman, as well as many other benefits.

Unfortunately, he didn't know the Dragon Creation Heart Technique and it was impossible for him to get the Saint Dragon Heart Technique. As such, he couldn't activate the true strength of the talisman.

If we get the talisman now, we will be able to display even more strength than in the hands of the Martial Emperor.

Of course, it would be best if we could get the Saint Dragon Energy in Gu Tanjian's gourd and use the Heaven Path Technique to nourish the talisman. At that time, no matter how strong their attacks are, we can turn them into our motivation. Not only will we obtain the World Burial Coffin, but we will also be able to make the Demon Race and Celestial Path suffer. And the most important thing is the talisman.

Without it, we will still be in great danger. Aside from the Demon Race and Celestial Path, there are many other factions eyeing us covetously. For example, the three Heavenly Venerables, The Great Spirit God, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, the Dharma Saint, the Immortal Master, and many other powerful but unknown existences. " "I must succeed in this!"

Gu Chensha had completely understood Zhuge Ya's plan. To set up the Shifting Flower Grafting Tree and the Shifting Star Formation, he had to rely on the Primeval Dragon Gate Talisman to ensure that nothing would go wrong.

"Unfortunately, we can't unleash the true power of the medallion. Up until now, we have only discovered some of its simplest mysteries."

Zhuge Ya looked at the Regal Propria medallion that was suppressing the formation and said, "If we could truly understand the emperor and unleash the power of this medallion, then we wouldn't even need the Dragon Sect's talisman. Unfortunately, the emperor's medallion is too mysterious. Holding it is like holding a divine artifact for normal cultivators. There is basically no way we can activate it." "Perhaps Imperial Father is nurturing us."

Gu Chensha said, "Father doesn't want to use all his power to suppress all of this. He needs me to help. Father hasn't actually disappeared. He might be watching our performance from high up in the sky."

"That's also possible." Zhuge Ya said, "At least for now, our Department of Calming Immortals is doing very well."

"I will find an opportunity to get close to the Martial Emperor and obtain his talisman. Although the Martial Emperor's cultivation is strong, he is also an anomaly. But now that we have fattened Xing Qianxiong and swallowed him, the Tree of Wishes has become the God of Wishes. If the Martial Emperor isn't careful, he can suppress him!

This Martial Emperor is ambitious and is a great threat to the world. Furthermore, he is an anomaly. When he makes a comeback, his cultivation will increase extremely quickly. Once he reaches the thirty-six transformations, the speed at which he can condense a Lesser Thousand World will be very fast. "Gu Chensha was still very worried about the Martial Emperor.

In his opinion, Gu Tanjian, Wu Dangkong, Gu Xuansha, Dou Nineteen, and even the Black Heaven Earth Gate and Crimson Firmament Gate were all just so-so. Only the Martial Emperor posed the greatest threat to the world. Firstly, this Martial Emperor was an anomaly. When he made a comeback, he was extremely powerful. Secondly, this Martial Emperor had once been an Emperor, unified the world, established a huge court, and fought against the Barbarian Race. He had the experience of managing an Emperor.

Therefore, Gu Chensha had to find a way to weaken the Martial Emperor's power. It would be best if he could imprison the Martial Emperor and devour him like Xing Qianxiong to eliminate the hidden danger.

For the peace of the world and the prosperity of the people, Gu Chensha could do all kinds of ruthless things. Whoosh!

He made a few transformations and headed for the Martial Province. He was going to find an opportunity to sneak into the Martial Saint's Abode and attack the Martial Emperor again.