Chapter 645
===========

After sitting on the throne, Jing Qiu's cultivation soared like he was about to break through right away. The True God Throne was one of the highest mysteries formed by the Son of Heaven in ancient times.

The Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique was to use the energy of the Son of Heaven to form the True God Throne.

The position of True God was supreme. As long as one obtained it, they would be able to operate the Heavenly Dao, absorb faith, and live for tens of thousands of years, or even hundreds of thousands of years. They would be able to watch the vicissitudes of life, the vicissitudes of the world. Combat strength, realm, operation, divination. They were all 10 times increases.

In other words, at that moment, Jing Qiu's overall strength increased by 10 times. His realm also received a huge buff and he was just a step away from God Realm.

When Jing Qiu created the medium-sized world, he comprehended a lot. As one of the participants, the moment the medium-sized world leveled up, he received feedback from the world power. He reached the peak of Dao Realm 29 Transformation 'Sense Chaos'.

Such a fortuitous encounter was really rare because not many people could participate in the creation of a small-sized world into a medium-sized world.

Thinking about it, in the universe, it was extremely rare to find a giant who could cultivate a medium-sized world. How could a normal God Realm have such a fortuitous encounter?

Jing Qiu was just a step away from reaching God Realm. Dharma Saint forcefully gave him the True God Throne, which was a huge help.

"It seems like you are still lacking a little."

Seeing that Jing Qiu was still revolving and unable to use the final power of the True God Throne, Dharma Saint nodded his head. He waved his sleeves and many pearls flew into Jing Qiu's body.

"Sky Demon Relic." At that moment, Wu Dangkong was shocked.

"That's right, it's the Heavenly Demonic Relic. After the Ancient Heavenly Demonic Relic died, its spiritual crystallization turned into a relic. It contains extremely powerful spiritual energy. Right now, it can replenish Jing Qiu's primordial spirit, allowing him to completely fuse with the position of a true god. In order to cultivate Jing Qiu, the Dharma Saint seemed to have thrown caution to the wind.

A large number of Heavenly Demon Relics entered Jing Qiu's body and Jing Qiu's cultivation base skyrocketed once more.

"I'll teach you everything I know about my cultivation path and the ultimate truths I've comprehended. You have to reach the Deity level as soon as possible!

Once again, the Dharma Saint forcibly injected his comprehensions into Jing Qiu's Sea of Consciousness. Bam bam bam …

A huge explosion occurred in Jing Qiu's body. It was as if something had broken, like an iceberg disintegrating and melting. Then, all of his magic power began to transform and actually produced the power of the world.

"Worlds, combine," At this moment, the Dharma Saint transformed his own power once again to assist Jing Qiu in his advancement.

"Hahahaha …" Jing Qiu let out a long roar. "It's really wonderful. All of my magic power has been transformed into the power of the world. Is this the Deity level? With the True God Throne and a God Realm expert, I am now a True God, and a God of Lu? " "Yes, you are now a God of Lu."

When the Dharma Saint saw Jing Qiu's advancement, a smile appeared on his face. "That Wan Senshi wants to plot against your Holy Sama Empire and cultivated Jing Fanxing. Unfortunately, he doesn't have the courage. Jing Fanxing is impatient and can't be cultivated at all. He is not as experienced and profound as you."

"It's a pity for Jing Fanxing. Fortunately, he has recovered his strength and improved further. After all, he is a member of our Jing family. We can't let him be bewitched by Wan Senshi," Jing Qiu said.

"Next, I will fight with Wan Senshi for control of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals. You have to be careful. When necessary, help me. You are now a True God."

The Dharma Saint said, "True Gods are not to be underestimated. They have great power. In the desert, you will create a situation. When necessary, you will carry out a sacrifice. If you can get the recognition of the Land of Infinity inside the desert, that will be a great adventure."

"I know that the Wildlands and the Eastern Wastelands have their own wills. They also belong to the Land of Infinity.

The desert I live in is actually called the Desolate Desert. A big reason why I built an empire there is to create the Desolate Desert and then activate the spirituality of the Desolate Desert. Because the Desolate Desert has become a desert, there is no Earth Qi.

Therefore, it has to be activated. When I gather a large number of people and carry out the Grand Desolate Sacrifice in the desert, I will be able to activate the will of the Desolate Desert and fuse it with me. When that time comes, I will be the Desolate Desert, and the Desolate Desert will be me. I will be the King of the Desert. "So, Jing Qiu had such a big plan.

"I knew that you would have such a big plan. Therefore, I will groom you. Go, develop your empire. Let us join hands and change the world." The Dharma Saint said.

Jing Qiu nodded his head. With a move of his body, he disappeared from the place with the great seat of a True God.

"Lord Dharma Saint, if you continue to accompany Jing Qiu like this without any means to control him, what if he turns against you?" Wu Dangkong said after Jing Qiu left.

"I naturally have a way. Right now, I'm not afraid of him turning against me. I have already created a medium-sized world. Therefore, I have to be bolder. If I were to be calculative, wouldn't I be at a disadvantage? Don't worry, Jing Qiu won't turn against me. "

The Dharma Saint entered a whole new realm. "As for you, now that the Martial Saint's Abode, the Martial Emperor has returned. With the help of Wan Senshi, he wants to seize the entire Abode. I'm afraid that you will also be affected." "Humph!"

Wu Dangkong laughed. "The Martial Emperor is a good-for-nothing. He was killed by the Celestial Tranquility Department once. Now that he has come back to life, he will just be sending himself to die."

"Don't underestimate the Martial Emperor. He is a peerless and ambitious character. It's only because he met that freak, Gu Chensha." The Dharma Saint sighed. "He will have a fortuitous encounter in the future." "Then what should I do now?"

Wu Dangkong asked. "He wants to obtain the control of the Martial Saint's Abode. Moreover, he has Wan Senshi's support. Unfortunately, as long as I offer this talisman to him, that bastard, Gu Chensha, will be able to obtain half of the benefits.

Otherwise, if I activate this talisman, the Martial Emperor will be killed with a flip of his hand. " "I will help you find an opportunity to talk to the Martial Emperor."

The Dharma Saint thought for a long time. "Now, I will go directly to the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals and discuss a series of things with Wan Senshi.

With my current cultivation base and the power of the medium-class world, I am qualified to talk to Wan Senshi on equal footing. After I finish talking to him, I will see if I can help you truly control the Martial Saint's Abode. " As he spoke, the Dharma Saint also disappeared.

Wu Dangkong stayed in the Dharma Realm that had turned into a medium-class world to cultivate. She strived to break through the layers of realms as soon as possible and reach the God level.

She already had one-third of the control of this medium-class world. Every move she made had great divine power. Moreover, she had completely mastered the Divine Ominous Armor. Even if she did not use the power of the medium-class world, she could still have the power of a Sage. This was all Dharma Saint's plan.

Jing Qiu tore the space apart and soon returned to the desert where the Holy Sama Empire was located.

He stood high in the sky, looking down at the boundless desert. He was thinking about how to transform the desert step by step. Even though he had become a True God, it was still very difficult to change the desert. At this time, a person silently appeared in front of him. This person was wearing a loose robe and a bronze mask. Jing Qiu's body trembled and he bowed. "Junior pays respect to Lord Wan Senshi."

"Jing Qiu, you have gained a lot of benefits. You have become a God level expert and obtained the position of a True God. What do you want?" Wan Senshi asked.

"Junior's small achievements are not worth mentioning in front of you, Lord. Whatever you want to do, Lord, just tell me to do. Even if Lord wants my Holy Sama Empire, I will give it to you with both hands."

Jing Qiu said solemnly, "In short, Lord, don't do anything to me. I am not a threat to Lord. With Lord's status and cultivation, if you attack a junior like me, I have nothing to say. I can only accept my fate. "

"Very good. Your answer is many times more brilliant than Jing Fanxing's. I should have nurtured you," Wan Senshi said. "However, you have chosen the Dharma Saint, so you have gained many benefits."

"Lord, why do you need to fight with the Dharma Saint now? Lord, you need to carry out the Great Rite of Salvation. Your current opponents are the Celestial Tranquility Department and the imperial court," Jing Qiu said. "In that case, Lord, you might as well cooperate with the Dharma Saint and devour other existences." "How can you understand the logic behind this?"

Wan Senshi said. "However, the Dharma Saint did not give you the position of True God out of goodwill. In fact, he successfully learned the Son of Heaven's God Bestowal Technique in order to rope in Wu Dangkong. In the past, the Son of Heaven's God Bestowal Technique could not be cultivated. Only those who obtained the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman could successfully cultivate it. Now, the Dao of Heaven has changed. As long as one obtains the secret technique, they can cultivate it.

The Dharma Saint has already refined the position of True God using the Son of Heaven's God Bestowal Technique. Now, the position of True God is his incarnation. Do you understand now? "

"In that case, I hope that Lord Wan Senshi will teach me." Jing Qiu knew that the Dharma Saint would definitely have a backup plan.

"The Dharma Saint actually made me miscalculate once, and I also destroyed his chess piece once, so we're even. After that, I'll discuss with him how to deal with Gu Taxian."

Wan Senshi said. "Originally, after he refined the position of True God, your every move would have been within his grasp. But now, I've used my magic power to isolate his senses and confuse him. Although he has advanced to a dimensional realm, in my eyes, he is still too young. I will now teach you the secret to thoroughly refining the position of True God. " As he spoke, Wan Senshi sent a thought into Jing Qiu's Sea of Consciousness.

The True God throne that Jing Qiu sat on seemed to completely melt. As it shook and exploded, it was baptized by Wan Senshi's power, completely falling under Jing Qiu's control.

Jing Qiu was overjoyed. "Lord Wan Senshi is simply like a second parent to me. From now on, I will only follow Lord's lead."