Chapter 911
===========

"The Imperial Court here is so powerful. Could it be that the legendary Heavenly Court has appeared?"

The Cool Wind Sage looked at the crystal wall, his expression not very good. He had come here to search for opportunities, but after sensing the powerful rules and laws of this land, as well as the fate of the nation, he knew that he was just a commoner with a little bit of ability. He was not like before, when he had cultivated to the level of a Sage and could do whatever he wanted. He controlled a part of the Cool Wind Continent in the Heaven Realm, managed many sects and territories, and worshipped him. He was a true god. But now, he had fallen to the status of a commoner and had to abide by the rules.

"I've heard the legend before. The Heaven Realm will face a calamity sooner or later. At that time, the Heavenly Court will appear, eradicate evil, and stabilize the Myriad Worlds. Only then will the world welcome true peace. From then on, there will be peace, and there will be no more calamities, until eternity.

But the Yongchō in front of us isn't the real Heavenly Court, it's the source of the greatest calamity. I've heard some news recently, and I've also comprehended some information. The Heavenly Court is about to appear, and the Emperor Of Heaven has appeared. As long as we can eradicate the Yongchō, everything will return to normal. The Heaven Realm and the Myriad Worlds will welcome a brand new structure. It won't be like now, where only this place is bright, and the other places are dark, "said a God Realm expert.

"Then what should we do?"

The West God was also excited. "Why don't we look for the Emperor Of Heaven? After joining the Heavenly Court, we'll get a great opportunity."

"But how can we find the Emperor Of Heaven?" The Breezy Saint didn't express his opinion. He had just arrived, so he wanted to see how things would turn out.

"I know a powerful existence."

Suddenly, a God Realm expert who had been silent all this time appeared. This God Realm expert was very young, only eighteen or nineteen years old. And it wasn't because he had a technique to preserve his youth, but because he was really young.

Being born at the age of eighteen or nineteen and already having the cultivation of a God Realm, even now, this was still a shocking thing. Furthermore, this young man seemed to be hiding his true strength. Within his body, there was a huge surge of power.

The Breezy Saint didn't notice this young man at first, but as the young man spoke, his expression turned solemn. "So you're a true expert. I'm Breezy, I'd like to hear more." "Breezy Saint, you're too polite."

The eighteen or nineteen year old God Realm youth said, "I'm Ye Langtian. I know a God called The Great Spirit God. He once shook the Immemorial Age, and his cultivation is extremely high. He has already reached the Divine Origin Realm. He's a proud subordinate of the Emperor Of Heaven, and he has a good relationship with the Heavenly Kings. Now, he hopes to form an alliance with many experts to secretly awaken people's hearts and fight against the calamity together. The Great Yongchō's Gu Chensha and the Dragonless Cabinet are indeed going against the grain. They refined the Divine Prefecture and the Four Desolaces, even caused the sun and moon to fall, and the stars to sink. In the future, they will definitely destroy the Heavenly Realm, and even refine us to achieve their immortality. This person's ambition is extremely great, and he doesn't mind destroying the world. We can't let such a situation happen. So, it's time for us to unite. " "If my guess is correct," the Breezy Saint said.

"On the surface, you seem to have a God Realm cultivation, but the power in your body is extremely shocking, far surpassing that of a Celestial Venerable. What kind of fortuitous encounter did you have? " "These were all bestowed to me by the Emperor Of Heaven," Ye Langtian said modestly.

"To be honest, I have the power of the stars in my body, and the main body of the huge stars is in my body. Therefore, if my power is completely unleashed, I will have the power of the Divine Origin Realm. However, my own realm has not reached the level where I can control the power of the Divine Origin Realm, so I can't unleash it for now.

This time, I represent Lord Mighty Miracle God under the command of Celestial Thearch to discuss important matters with all of you. If all of you can conspire together with me, you will definitely obtain great achievements in the future. It is not impossible for you to become immortal. " "It's actually the reincarnation of the Star Lord."

The Breezy Saint looked around and realized that no one had discovered him. He couldn't help but bow slightly. "Greetings, Star Lord. We are actually not very clear about the current situation in the world. Please explain it to us in detail, Star Lord."

"The current situation is very complicated. After the Emperor Of Heaven was born, he should have refined the Divine Continent into the Heavenly Court, ascended to the Nine Heavens, and controlled the Heaven Realm. Then, it would be divided into the Six Paths of Reincarnation. Demons would return to the Demon Path, Gods to the Divine Path, Immortals to the Immortal Path, Humans to the Human Path, Demons to the Demon Path, and Ghosts to the Ghost Path.

"However, because Gu Taxian defied the heavens and rebelled against the Dao, his son, Gu Chensha, became even worse. He caused the Heavenly Dao to sink and attempted to destroy the Heaven Realm and the world. If we don't get rid of this person, I'm afraid we will all be destroyed by him in the future.

"Now, the Emperor Of Heaven is secretly observing everything and choosing ambitious people to build the Heavenly Court. Do you have such a grand plan? "Ye Langtian's soft voice was able to avoid all surveillance.

"If we talk here, I'm afraid the Imperial Court will find out. Once they find out about this, I'm afraid we won't have a good life. I heard that the cruelest method of the Imperial Court is to destroy all of a person's cultivation and turn them into ordinary people. At that time, we won't even be able to use spiritual energy. We can only eat rice and meat. That is simply too terrifying."

"It doesn't matter," Ye Langtian said. "I have the Emperor Of Heaven's talisman. By relying on this talisman, I can block all spying, reverse the cause and effect of the universe, and become invincible. No matter how powerful Gu Chensha's Imperial Court is, they won't be able to spy on what we are talking about. They will only think that we are chatting. If that Gu Chensha has the power to see through the Emperor Of Heaven's talisman, then he would have already found the Emperor Of Heaven and fought with him. Then, the world would have welcomed a true calamity," Ye Langtian said.

"In that case, let's unite and submit to the Heavenly Court. Let's do something big." The group of people listened to Ye Langtian. Seeing the group leave, Gu Chensha didn't stop them.

He saw through Ye Langtian's nature. This person was indeed the reincarnation of Xing Chen, the Heavenly Mou Star. The Heavenly Mou Star was good at strategy and lobbying.

If it was a reincarnation with a trace of the Heavenly Mou Star's profundities, then that person would at most be a peerless genius who could cultivate to the God level. However, Ye Langtian's body was the Heavenly Mou Star's original body. A huge amount of Xing Chen's power surged within it.

But Gu Chensha didn't touch him for the time being. He wanted to see if this person was in cahoots with the Emperor Of Heaven and the Great Spirit God.

Gu Chensha couldn't help but admire the Great Spirit God. Even though this person had cultivated to the Heavenly Primordial realm, he was still nothing in front of Gu Chensha. But this person didn't have much luck. He had escaped time and time again. Now, he had submitted to the Emperor Of Heaven and seemed to have been put in an important position. In this way, this person's cultivation might increase again. But no matter how powerful this person was, Gu Chensha didn't care about him. It was time to crush this person to death.

"Many Divine level experts and Saint-level experts have entered the Divine Land's Four Wilds. They have also brought along countless commoners and people in their worlds. If these people were to be released, then the number of commoners in the Divine Land and Four Wilds would probably not be just several trillion."

Gu Chensha frowned. "The Divine Continent and the Four Wilds will definitely not be able to accommodate them. It will cause overpopulation. This is an urgent problem.

Looks like I have to truly refine the Heaven Realm. I have to capture Long Xiangtian and Sister Liu and force the sun and moon to appear in the sky again.

However, this is not a long-term plan. The real long-term plan is for me to once again revolve the universe and create a world that is even more powerful than the Heaven Realm. However, my current strength is still lacking, and I cannot reach that level. "

Gu Chensha's cultivation was extremely strong. But it was still not enough for him to create a world that was bigger than the Heaven Realm. His realm had not reached this level yet. He still had to accumulate cultivation and comprehend.

Of course, he was progressing by leaps and bounds with every passing moment. His spirit and soul had entered an unfathomable realm from beginning to end. No one could understand his current realm, including the Emperor Of Heaven.

Since the Dragonless Heart Sutra had reached the Great Circle, he might even reach Gu Taxian's realm, or even surpass it.

Because he had already seen the most fundamental thing that was produced after the Heavenly Dao and the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's origin merged.

After the Heavenly Schemer Star Ye Langtian led everyone away, Gu Chensha had already separated a trace of his consciousness to follow them from afar. He was not afraid that they would run away.

After setting up such a chess piece, Gu Chensha continued to observe the local conditions and customs around the Four Wilds. He wanted to see how many God level experts, Saint level experts, and even Heavenly Venerable level experts were rushing over from all directions of the Heaven Realm.

Sure enough, while he was patrolling, he found that the situation was very serious. Almost all the experts in the Heaven Realm were gathering towards the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds. There were even serious killings at the borders of the Four Wilds.

Fortunately, the power of the imperial court had increased a lot. Many bloody conflicts could be suppressed. But besides those outsiders, some of the original people of the Yongchō were also restless. People's minds were changing. Many ideas were spreading among the people. For example, many rumors said that the Dragonless Cabinet led by Gu Chensha was going to destroy the world. Now they were going to keep all the people in captivity. Once they were fattened up, they would be slaughtered as a blood sacrifice. But this kind of thinking was spread with eyes and ears. Many people had great doubts.

The situation was indeed like this. Gu Chensha had condensed a crystal wall to envelop the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds. This was somewhat like keeping people in captivity. This also gave space for rumors to spread.