Chapter 99
==========

The entire castle covered an area of nearly ten thousand acres, resembling a giant tortoise crouching by the lake.

The entire lake had been remodeled, its surface area expanding once again. Countless silt had been cleared, and the deepest part of the lake was connected to an underground river. Flowing water surged, and dozens of fountains spewed out of the ground, creating a strange scene on the surface of the lake. Huge bridges were built on the surrounding mountains, leading directly to the castle.

Huge turrets were also built on the mountains, allowing them to observe the surroundings and sound the alarm if there was any movement. Gu Chensha was dazzled by the sight. Markets and streets had been built around the castle.

The streets were very wide, and there were even sewers for sewage to flow underground. There were also public baths and garbage disposal areas. All kinds of facilities were available.

The houses around the market were also tall and spacious, and they were raised to avoid the humidity of the Wilderness. This was the true layout of a large city, a pearl in the Wilderness.

Especially the giant tortoise-like castle, with many turrets that attacked like snakes, full of ferocity.

This kind of castle mansion was the first in the capital. Even the seventh prince Gufasa's mansion didn't have this kind of mysteriousness.

Of course, this was also because the land in the Wilderness was vast, and they could build anything they wanted.

If it was in the capital, the largest residence would only be a few hundred acres outside the city. How could they have ten thousand acres of land to build on?

"Your Highness, the construction has been completed. The Wilderness is rather humid, but we've embedded fire pearls in all the dark corners of the castle, enough to dry the storeroom. In addition, all kinds of moonstones and pipes have been prepared. Go take a look. If you're satisfied, you can hand over the remaining Seven Sage Heart Refining Pill. The fire talisman spear, horned dragon armor, battle technique wine, pills, and books are all in the storeroom. This is the blueprint.

You can search according to it. Also, this castle can accommodate tens of thousands of people, so you need more people. " Masao Xiangshan couldn't wait for the second pill.

"There's no need to check. If the Celestial Designer Institute can't trust me, then there's nothing to trust."

Gu Chensha was delighted. He had always wanted a good residence, and now he finally had one. This could be said to be his real home. Although it was in the Wilderness, it was more peaceful than the capital, and everything was under his control. He threw the bottle to Masao Xiangshan.

Masao Xiangshan carefully examined the elixir and found that there was nothing wrong with it. He immediately sent a message to the higher-ups of the Heavenly Craftsman Institute to inform them that the matter had been settled.

"Your Highness, the road is also being built at a rapid pace. It'll soon connect to this place. In addition, the Celestial Designer Institute will also build relay stations on both sides of the road. From now on, this place will not only be Your Highness's fief, but also the territory of the imperial court," Masao Kageyama said.

"With this place as the center, I will expand further into the Wilderness." Gu Chensha ordered loudly, "All of you, plant the Great Yongchō Dragon Flag at the highest points!" "Yes!" Many warriors replied in unison.

In the past three days, Liu Yu and the others had already taken in all of Long Yuyun's troops. They had already cultivated to the Dao Realm, and with the divine sword in their hands, they were extremely powerful. They were not afraid that those people would not submit. Moreover, they had Long Yuyun's orders.

Basically, after accepting Long Yuyun's troops of about three thousand people, the shortcoming of the lack of manpower in the fief could be temporarily alleviated.

However, these were all warriors, and they were only good at fighting and killing enemies. Their daily task was to train in martial arts. The mansion also needed a large number of servants to clean, look after the storeroom, raise poultry, and even have maids to do embroidery, clothes, laundry, and so on.

Even if it was a squire or a local tycoon's family, in addition to the guards, there were at least dozens of servants, and at most hundreds of them. West

Fortunately, Long Yuyun had the experience of commanding millions of soldiers and soldiers. It was not bad to leave it to her. In addition, there were many survivors on Dragonsword Island, and it was not bad to use them to expand the population of the fief. As for Baoyu Country, Gu Chensha could not trust it for the time being. Long Yuyun already believed that he could save her family, and now she was obedient.

"Your Highness, then I will take my leave. If there is anything, you can contact me through the Cycle Box. I will send people over for the maintenance and repair of the castle. In addition, if Your Highness wants to build some fortifications, I can give you a twenty percent discount." Masao Kageyama cupped his hands and flew away.

Gu Chensha looked at the blueprint in his hand, and directly landed in the center of the castle, in the tower where he lived.

In the center of the castle, his private residence was a tall tower. This tower had seven floors. The first floor was the council hall, which was very wide. The second floor was where weapons and swords were placed. The third floor was for clothes. The fourth, fifth, and sixth floors were all empty, and he could decorate them according to his will. The highest floor was his bedroom, and it was also the place where he cultivated. It was the center of the whole mansion, and even the whole fief.

When he walked into his bedroom, he felt that it was full of Spiritual Qi. It was actually a Spirit Gathering Formation. Looking down from the tower, the whole castle was like a huge Black Tortoise breathing with life, swallowing and spitting out the essence of heaven and earth. All the essence was swallowed and spat out by this huge Black Tortoise, and all the essence was gathered in this bedroom.

Not to mention cultivation, even staying in this bedroom for ten days and half a night would cleanse his flesh and remove all diseases.

Originally, Gu Chensha wanted to see what other changes could be made, but he found that the huge castle, the Black Tortoise out of the sea, the surrounding mountains, the towers on the mountains, and the bridges connected like rainbows. Even the magnetic field of the surrounding mountains was used, and he could not make any changes. Any extra changes would be superfluous.

"Amazing, amazing!"

Gu Chensha exclaimed in his heart, "I've learned a lot recently, and I'm very familiar with formations, Feng Shui, and buildings. However, compared to the Celestial Designer Institute, I'm still far behind." This bedroom was very big, and there were bookshelves on all sides, with many books on them. In the center of the bedroom was not a bed, but something like an altar, which was empty.

"This is the entire mansion, and even the whole fief, where the formation eye is. It needs a powerful treasure to guard it. Obviously, the Celestial Designer Institute would not leave a powerful treasure for me, so I have to find it myself." Gu Chensha took out the skeleton and placed it on the formation eye. Weng …

The whole bedroom seemed to have been strengthened by some kind of spiritual wave, and the spiritual energy was much stronger.

"Not enough, although this skeleton is good stuff, it is enough to suppress a normal spirit gathering formation, but it is much weaker to suppress the main formation eye of the whole fief. Let me try that stone. "

Gu Chensha took out the stone he obtained from the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple. This stone was used to suppress the formation eye of the pill treasure vault, and it was definitely a good thing, much stronger than the skeleton.

When he took out the stone and placed it on the formation eye, he suddenly found an unexpected change. Kacha, kacha! Within the stone, there was a faint sound.

Countless spiritual energy surged into the stone, and at the same time, the whole Black Tortoise shaped castle had an inexplicable smell, as if it had a spirit.

The more than three thousand soldiers who just entered the castle immediately felt something inexplicable, as if the castle had come to life, as if it was really a Black Tortoise. When everyone entered its body, they felt a great sense of security, as if there was a primordial divine beast protecting them at all times. Other than that, everyone seemed to have received some kind of power from the unseen world. Gu Chensha felt it the most. He felt that the stone and the castle resonated with each other, as if they were one.

"Could it be, could it be that inside this stone is the primordial divine beast Black Tortoise's egg?

Only the primordial divine beast Black Tortoise's egg would resonate with the Black Tortoise Goes to Sea Feng Shui pattern, causing the Feng Shui pattern to have a spirit, and the effect would be several times, or even ten times stronger! "Gu Chensha understood.

The whole castle's Feng Shui pattern was "Black Tortoise Goes to Sea", so any magic treasure to suppress the formation eye was not as useful as the Black Tortoise egg.

"Will I be able to hatch the Black Tortoise egg in this fossil?

But since it has become a fossil, I am afraid it will be difficult to hatch, and only the spirit is left, but it depends on human effort. "

Gu Chensha thought, "The Black Tortoise divine beast is naturally tyrannical, born with infinite strength, unpredictable. If I can hatch it, it will become a secret divine beast to suppress the fief, and it will be much more powerful than the Dragon Sword Island's Kun Sword."

Immediately, he circulated his force, and blood seeped out of his fingers. He drew the talisman on the egg, using the Sun and Moon Refining Technique.

"The Sun and Moon Refining Technique, the Son of Heaven Bestows Gods, nurtures all living things, sprinkles my blood over the earth, and all living things grow …" Gu Chensha's mind was immersed in the vast realm of the Son of Heaven Bestows God Art. After he stepped into the Dao Realm, this divine art had made great progress, and it could not be mentioned in the same breath as before.

The Son of Heaven nurtures all living things, and the Son of Heaven's blood is the best treasure, it can transform everything, and make all living things grow. He drew the talisman on the egg, and finally, he lightly touched it. The egg actually absorbed all of his blood, and then it trembled. The trembling egg was like a child playing around, it actually had emotions, it was joy.

In Gu Chensha's mind, he seemed to see a small Black Tortoise cheering in the egg, and at the same time, a grateful thought was transmitted over.

"It actually has spirituality."

Gu Chensha was overjoyed, but he also knew that he couldn't hatch the egg so quickly. The egg had turned into a fossil and lost its vitality. It was useless even if he soaked it in the spiritual liquid. Unless he dripped heavenly dew on it or watered it with the embryonic form of his Sun-Moon Dragon Blood, it was impossible to recover. Even then, it might still be very mysterious.

However, after watering it with heavenly dew, the Black Tortoise had no connection with him, and it did not recognize him at all. Using his own blood to refine it was much more intimate than a pet that he had raised for many years.

Moreover, as Gu Chensha's cultivation increased, the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood in his body might not be weaker than the heavenly dew, and it might even be stronger in the future. Moreover, he had used large amounts of heavenly dew before. He forced out more blood and carved more talismans on it.

Before stepping into the Dao Realm, he could not easily waste essence blood. After stepping into the Dao Realm, the situation was much better. This was because he could absorb spiritual energy and circulate it in his body, allowing his essence blood to recover.