Chapter 1106
============

The Six Great Invincibles

Ever since the old world had taken form, it had stood in opposition to the new world. The new world had continuously created all sorts of universes and stuffed them into the space-time of the multiverse like blowing bubbles, while the old world had continuously absorbed them. One created, the other absorbed. This was equivalent to opposing yin and yang. In this process of opposition, countless characters had been born.

In particular, the various characters of the old world had surged like a storm. Needless to say, there were all sorts of main character candidates who had done many world-shaking things. There were also some who were even stronger than the main character candidates who had actually ascended to the Undying Realm. Among them, the six strongest were Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li.

These six people had been minor characters in the many dimensions of the old world. However, they had suddenly risen and quickly become unparalleled overlords. Moreover, they were all extremely shrewd and possessed unimaginable divine abilities. They were skilled at scheming, and their providence was so strong that it had reached an almost undefeatable realm.

It could be said that these six people were the true main characters. Ever since they were young, no matter who tried to deal with them, they basically did not have a good ending. Even when they were insignificant ants and unparalleled overlords tried to deal with them, they were inexplicably killed, and the benefits were reaped by them.

It was as if they had been enveloped by some sort of creation power and cheated in all aspects. No matter how difficult or desperate the situation was, they would always find a way out. Now, these six people had all become unparalleled overlords. They could even know all sorts of variables in the world.

When the will of the new world and the will of the old world fought, the commotion was simply too great, and it might affect the future of the universe. At the same time, these people had also sensed that a great formation was gradually being born. This formation was a great threat to them, and it might even suppress their strength. Therefore, they had all activated their powers and bombarded the formation.

Moreover, they could sense that if this formation was in their hands, they would most likely advance a step further and become an even more powerful existence. Immediately, the situation was chaotic. Countless powers surged about, and the world was in chaos.

"They've started fighting."

In the new world, Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, the Martial Sage, Zhuge Ya, and Wen Hong watched the largest commotion in the void. Gu Chensha had shown all the details. Lou Baiyue said, "Chensha, do you want to save The Fourth?

This time, the Fourth is probably destined to die. It's also because he couldn't think things through and insisted on competing with you. In the end, he didn't have enough power and forcefully cultivated this Skyless Daoless Formation, which is why he ended up in such a state. "

"The Fourth can't be saved. If he hadn't forcefully cultivated this Skyless Daoless Formation, he could have lived a carefree life. But in order to surpass me, he cultivated this formation, and lost all of his destiny. Think about it, once this formation was completed, it robbed all living beings of their chance to reach the Heavenly Dao. That's like obstructing the advancement of all living beings. Somehow, the fates of all living beings will bite back at him. Add to that the fact that he's devoured hundreds of millions of Heavenly Dao experts over the past thousand years, and even though he succeeded in creating the formation, he's committed too great a sin. This is a sin brought upon by heaven, but a sin brought upon by one's own self. I actually gave him a chance to live, but the Fourth brought this upon himself.

Gu Chensha sighed. "Back in the day, the Fourth was actually very proud and arrogant. He was ranked number one among all the princes, but unfortunately, I suppressed him. Back in the Celestial Pacification Bureau, we were able to work together. But after the Emperor Of Heaven was born, because of the Emperor Of Heaven, he gradually grew apart from me. When I learned of this, I tried to salvage the situation. I gave him many chances, but in the end, he became the Nihility Ancestor, and gained some enlightenment on his own, which led him further and further away from me. In the end, he reached a point where he couldn't be saved. But now that he's died cultivating this formation, it's a good thing. The formation itself is a Skyless Daoless Formation, and he's in the Deathless Realm." "During the past thousand years, the Old World has grown larger and larger."

Wen Hong said. "Compared to the Old World of a thousand years ago, it's more than a hundred times larger. Heroes are popping up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain. Countless kings of destiny, and even kings among kings, have appeared.

Those six people are the strongest kings among kings, the hegemons among hegemons. Even my fate isn't as good as theirs. If I were to fight any one of them, I'm afraid I'd lose more than I'd win. "

"Chaos in the Heavens and Earth will give birth to ambitious and ruthless people. That's inevitable. I chose to detonate the River of Destiny and give freedom to all living beings. That means I can't control the Heavens and Earth. Without that restriction, the Heavens and Earth will grow rapidly. Countless powerful people will emerge, which is something I expected. But first, let's see who will take control of the formation after the Fourth dies." Gu Chensha said.

At this time, in the Void, the Fourth Gu Huasha hadn't died. When he was suppressed by the Skyless Daoless Formation, some Deathless Realm experts suddenly disrupted the situation. Hum …

A few figures with boundless domineering auras arrived at the formation and burst out with their most powerful attacks.

"Here's my chance."

The Fourth Gu Huasha did his best to retract his power. Then, he turned into a pitch-black rune and tried to escape. But before he escaped, he still wanted to take his Skyless Daoless Formation with him. He had spent too much effort on this formation. Now, this formation had refined Mister Incorporeal, Mister Incorporeal, Mister Incorporeal, and Mister Incorporeal into it. Its power was countless times greater than before. Moreover, he felt that he had a great connection with this formation. If he could seize the opportunity, he could definitely take this formation away.

"As long as I take this formation away, not only will I be able to make a comeback, but my strength will also improve to the highest level." The Fourth Gu Huasha was still laughing maliciously in his heart, "These people are all going to benefit me."

He unleashed his power into the Heavenless and Daoless Grand Spell Formation, causing it to tremble again. Massive amounts of qi flowed into Meng Hao's body, causing his injuries to heal quite a bit in the blink of an eye. Rumble! An endless amount of power descended from the sky.

This power directly charged into the Skyless Daoless Formation and appeared in front of the Fourth Gu Huasha.

The Fourth Gu Huasha was silently operating in the Formation Core. Then, he saw a person in front of him. This person was very young and wore green clothes. Faintly, there were countless Fortune auras circulating around him. He was also in the Deathless Realm, but his strength seemed unfathomable.

"So, it's the Creator of the Formation Core. Excellent. By refining this Creator, I'll be able to refine the entire Formation."

The green-robed young man looked at the Fourth Gu Huasha and laughed. Then, he reached out with his hand, causing countless green-colored flames to surround the Fourth Gu Huasha.

The Fourth Gu Huasha immediately felt an intense pain. More than half of the vital energy he had just gathered dissipated, and he was once again in a seriously injured state.

"Who are you?" the Fourth Gu Huasha roared angrily. "How did you get into the Formation?" "You must be the Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha, right?"

The green-robed young man looked at him with a wide grin. Although he looked completely harmless, he didn't stop at all. Instead, he increased the intensity of his refinement.

"Beast!"

Gu Huasha did his best to fight back. Unfortunately, his injuries were too severe, and he was no match for the green-robed young man.

"Zhou Qin, are you sneaking around and taking everything for yourself?" Another voice rang out. It was a white-robed young man. He exuded a domineering and sharp aura. The white-robed young man attacked as well, suppressing the Fourth Gu Huasha.

The Fourth could sense that the white-robed young man's strength was comparable to his at his peak. In fact, it might even be stronger. Instantly, despair rose up within him. "Why? Why did such a powerful figure appear in the world?" "Gu Huasha, you really deserve to die!"

Yet another red-robed young man appeared. He attacked the Fourth Gu Huasha as well. "Some of my subordinates have been refined by you into this Formation over the past thousand years. Because I'm cultivating a cultivation technique to reach the Invincible Imperishable realm, I haven't been looking for you. And now, you're going even further. You want to refine everyone who has reached the Heavenly Dao realm? You're just courting death!" "You freaks!"

The Fourth Gu Huasha said. "You've fallen into a trap. The wills of the old and new worlds have used me as bait to lure you into a trap. Now that you've entered, you won't be able to leave. You'll have to fuse into this Formation like me." "That's right!"

At that moment, the will of the new world, Gu Xinjian, and the will of the old world, Gu Taxian, also appeared in the Formation Core. Then, the entire Formation Core shrank violently. There were more than ten people in the Formation Core. They were all people who had barged into the Formation Core.

Among them were Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li. There were also the Fourth Gu Huasha, Wei Jia, Zhang Xuangong, Tang Chuan, Zhou Yang, and three others who seemed to have reached the Invincible Imperishable realm.

Many people with lower cultivation bases might not be able to sense the battle that had erupted here, but to the Invincible Imperishable realm cultivators, it was very obvious. Therefore, all those who had reached the Invincible Imperishable realm in the multiverse had rushed over.

The other three who had reached the Invincible Imperishable realm were not from the old world, but from the new world.