Chapter 66
==========

Although the wealth in the thousand chests had not been calculated, it was estimated to be more than ten million. Such a huge amount of wealth, although it could not be compared to the savings of those aristocratic families for a hundred years, or even a thousand years, it was not something that ordinary tycoons could compare to.

Of course, if he did not have the Sun and Moon Altar space to store the wealth quickly, it would be difficult for him to eat all of it. At that time, there would definitely be princes fighting for it in the name of the imperial court. Now, he could only pretend that he did not know, and no one could investigate.

However, although he had made a fortune, he was not satisfied, because the expenses in the future would not be small. First, he had to pay for the training of these 243 warriors. In the future, they would have their own families, marry and have children, and set up their own businesses. Apart from that, he had to provide for and reward them. Apart from that, he had to pay for the training, weapons, and salaries.

Among the aristocratic families, the real warriors did not need to do chores. They practiced martial arts every day and carried out their master's missions. They even had servants to serve them. If they were real experts, they would have their own manors. They were completely upper-class people.

Raising such an armored soldier would cost at least several thousand yuan every year, which was equivalent to several thousand taels of silver. This did not include the rewards.

As for Liu Yu and the other four, after Gu Chensha returned, he would definitely give them houses and small manors, so that they could have their own businesses.

This was the rule of the aristocratic families. Only by giving them land and manors could they show that they were loyal and unshakable.

They could not betray him. If they betrayed him, they would be despised by others and would never be able to raise their heads again.

After everything was prepared, Gu Chensha jumped up from the ground and said, "Yi Ming, from now on, you just have to be honest and hide your strength. Do not show yourself and do not expose yourself." "Yes." Yi Ming hid his aura and was no different from the 243 warriors.

As expected, in less than two days, countless cavalrymen appeared on the main road. They were like angry dragons, raising a cloud of dust into the sky.

The hundreds of people at the front all had an imposing aura. The one at the front was wearing a cloak, but not armor. He wore a purple gold crown and rode on a huge golden horse. It was the third prince, Gu Fasha.

The huge golden horse was covered in scales and had horns on its head. It was even more spirited than the barbarian marshal's Thunder Beast.

"Surround the county and search them one by one. Take out all of your belongings and don't hide them. Anyone who does will be killed without mercy!"

When they arrived outside the county, the Third Prince issued a murderous order. Gu Chensha, Shi Tie, and the others' expressions changed when they heard it. It was obvious that the Third Prince was warning them not to keep it for themselves.

"Lao San is so domineering."

Gu Chensha sneered, "But I've already predicted this move. Go ahead and search, all your efforts will be in vain."

He had risked his life to kill the enemy and conquer the county. The Third Prince Guvasha had arrived just in time to collect the wealth.

Gufan Sha was originally afraid of the Barbarian Tribe Oracles and did not send out his troops. Now that there was no danger, he came to reap the fruits of his labor. Although this kind of behavior was despicable, it was the custom of the bureaucracy.

The soldiers immediately rushed into the county like wolves and tigers. They did not care about Shi Tie and Gu Chensha who were resting nearby and began to search everywhere.

"Hahahaha …" The Third Prince Guvasha laughed loudly as he entered the city and walked towards Gu Chensha. The soldiers around him vaguely surrounded the thousand people, not allowing them to move. "Lao Jiu, you really know how to take advantage of others. When Tao County exploded, you immediately rushed over and actually obtained the credit of reclaiming Tao County."

As soon as he said this, Gu Chensha knew that the Third Prince was very sinister. He said that his actions were taking advantage of others. The meaning behind his words was also very clear. After the explosion, the barbarian army retreated, and then he reclaimed Tao County.

However, he did not argue with the Third Prince. It was meaningless. In any case, as long as he handed over the barbarian marshal's corpse, it would be a peerless achievement. The title of Prefecture King would not be able to escape.

Gu Chensha did not care, but his subordinates were not convinced. They were very angry. However, he had instructed them to only follow orders, so they did not move.

"Lao Jiu, your subordinate is not simple. He even has the Horned Dragon Armor. Even I don't have such armor."

Guvasha's eyes turned sharp. "I heard that Marquis Jushi gave you three hundred sets. You don't have many subordinates right now. Why don't you lend the extra to me? I'll equip the soldiers and prevent them from getting injured in the battle with the barbarian army. For the soldiers' lives, Lao Jiu, you won't be so stingy, right?"

"Third Brother, what are you saying? Marquis Jushi also lent me three hundred sets, but not as many as three hundred. Right now, only two hundred sets are just enough. After the battle, I still have to return them to Marquis Jushi. Where would I find the extra to lend to Third Brother?"

Gu Chensha would not admit it even if he was beaten to death. He sneered in his heart. This Guvasha was starting to make things difficult for him and was pressing him step by step. However, he would not be fooled.

"Shi Tie, is what Lord Nineteenth said true?" Guvasha looked at Shi Tie.

"Reporting to Third Master, everything is according to the marquis's orders. This general is only here to serve and kill the enemy."

Shi Tie was a shrewd man. He knew what he could say and what he couldn't. His words were as hard as steel.

Gufan Sha's expression was cold as he looked Shi Tietie up and down. He had always had the power to decide who lived and who died. Even the Viceroy was sweating and trembling under his gaze. Shi Tietie was calm and neither servile nor overbearing.

"Good. Shi Tie, I order you to immediately lead the army and attack Tea County. Attack the barbarians there." Guvasha suddenly ordered, "I'll be there at any time. You'll be the vanguard."

"Reporting to Third Master, before I came, the marquis said to listen to Lord Nineteenth's orders." Shi Tie was still stubborn.

"What did you say? Say it again? "Guvasha narrowed his eyes.

"This general will listen to Lord Nineteenth's orders," Shi Tie said loudly.

"Good, very good. Men!" Guvasha raised his voice. His murderous aura and authority made the people around him not dare to breathe.

"Third Brother, why are you so angry? Marquis Jushi's orders are like a mountain. Shi Tie doesn't dare to disobey. "

Gu Chensha said, "Since Third Brother wants us to go to Tea County, then I'll lead my men there. We're all working for the imperial court. There's no need to be estranged. Shi Tie, pass on my orders. Pack up and set off for Tea County!" "Yes!" Shi Tie was like a wooden puppet, obediently carrying out the order.

"Third Brother, I'll leave now. Peach County will be guarded by you." Gu Chensha led his men out of Peach County.

They were surrounded tightly, but when the general saw Shi Tie and his men coming, he couldn't help but look at Guvasha, wondering if he should stop them.

Guvasha frowned and thought for a moment. "Old Nineteen, if you advance rashly and delay the battle, no matter how great your previous contributions are, they will be erased." "Third Brother, I understand." Gu Chensha nodded. Guvasha waved his hand.

The surrounding soldiers opened up a path for Gu Chensha's men to pass through, and then they galloped towards Tea County.

"Third Master, why did you let him go so easily?" A trusted general asked. "No matter what, we have to get those three hundred sets of Horned Dragon Armor."

"That's Marquis Jushi's gift to rope in Old Nineteen. Taking it openly will be criticized. Moreover, Marquis Jushi's things aren't that easy to take."

Guvasha watched the group leave. "I purposely bullied him just now to see Old Nineteen's trump card, to see if he dares to talk back to me. He killed the four old demons and conquered Peach County, so he definitely has powerful reinforcements. However, he purposely showed weakness and didn't have any fear in his heart. This made me feel confident, so I let him go."

"Your Highness, I quickly searched the surroundings and didn't find any treasures, only many sabers, swords, and leather armor left behind by the barbarian soldiers." At this time, the general who had been ordered to search for treasures came.

"Your Highness, we found an underground treasury, but it's empty. It seems like it's been moved away." Another person came to report.

"What?"

Guvasha was slightly shocked. "I let Old Nineteen go so easily because of this treasury. I've already received intelligence that the barbarian army transported a lot of resources to be stored here. Old Nineteen didn't take anything with him when he left. I've been monitoring these two days, and it's impossible for him to have transported all the resources away. Why is it gone now?"

"Your Highness, it's really gone." A few subordinates had ugly expressions. They wanted to get rich, but it was a pity that this place was empty.

"There are at least tens of millions of treasures here, and there are also many rare treasures that money can't buy. How could they disappear for no reason?" Guvasha's face was ashen. "What's going on? Are you sure Old Nineteen didn't move a lot of treasures? " "Third Master, I'm sure."

A general knelt on one knee. "Our spies are everywhere. Without a team of thousands of people, there is no way to transport this wealth. He doesn't even have enough people right now. This wealth is packed in thousands of large boxes, and each box needs five or six people to carry it. It even needs a cart to transport it. There are no signs of wheels here, so His Highness couldn't have touched it. " "This matter is a little strange. Did the Barbarians bring this wealth back when they retreated?

Impossible. That transportation gate can't go back. It's a one-way transportation. "Guvasha paced." Also, where did the Divine Emissary and Marshal go? Did they all die in the explosion? It's really strange. Old Nineteen is very strange. "

"Third Master, what do we do now?" A few generals gathered around, waiting for this Highness's orders.

"Send people to keep an eye on Old Nineteen. There must be something strange about him leaving so easily."

Guvasha's murderous aura was terrifying. "This wealth can't fall into anyone's hands. With this wealth, I can do many things."

At this time, deep in the forest, Gu Chensha's troops were resting. They didn't go to Tea County, but went into the mountains to rest.

"Nineteenth Master, are we not going to listen to His Highness's orders?" Shi Tie asked.

"Old Third wants to order me around? It won't be that easy."

Gu Chensha deliberately said this. He knew that Marquis Dushi and the Third Prince were fighting. If he appeared more forceful in front of Shi Tie, it would be easier to gain Marquis Dushi's support. "Old Third came in such a hurry to obtain the wealth left behind by the Barbarians. Unfortunately, it's like drawing water with a bamboo basket."

Shi Tie was also very puzzled. He hadn't seen Gu Chensha obtain any wealth. He was a smart man and wouldn't ask about the secret. He would just go back and report it to Marquis Dushi. That was enough.

"Nineteenth Master, what should we do next?"