Chapter 554
===========

Gu Chensha wanted to use his identity as Dou Nineteen to deal with Gu Tanjian, in an attempt to find out Gu Tanjian's weaknesses and obtain the holy dragon blessing from the gourd as well as many of the Great Spirit God's secrets. Just how much holy dragon blessing did The Great Spirit God have left?

This was also a question worth discussing, but what was certain was that even the Great Spirit God did not have an endless supply of holy dragon blessing. It was possible that he had seized some during the Primordial Era, and now he had given a portion to Gu Tanjian in order to groom a reliable subordinate. Who knew that Gu Tanjian was not reliable at all?

The reason why the Great Spirit God tolerated Gu Tanjian so much was probably because he was waiting for him to activate the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline before harvesting him. Gu Chensha was very clear about this, and so was Gu Tanjian.

That was why Gu Tanjian desperately wanted to obtain support from the Great Spirit God, but also wanted to break free from The Great Spirit God's control. Dou Nineteen's appearance gave Gu Tanjian the biggest opportunity. Gu Chensha believed that Gu Tanjian would seize it.

"Brother Bouncing Sword, you actually have your own dust world. Even I don't have one. "

Gu Chensha's "Dou Nineteen" sighed. "Looks like the Great Spirit God has put in a lot of effort to support you."

"A dust world is indeed rare, but if one's cultivation is not high enough, managing it will instead be a burden. It's like having the old and weak take care of a huge manor, but they won't be able to take care of everything." Gu Tanjian shook his head and sighed.

"Indeed. If one's cultivation is not at the God level, the dust world will not be replenished by the world's energy, and it will gradually wither. It's like a house without anyone living in it will rot, and eventually collapse."

Gu Chensha's Dou Nineteen said, "If you want to manage this dust world, then you will need the Dragon Nurturing and Dragon Creation Arts even more.

Dragon-nourishing Qi and Dragon-making Qi are of great benefit to the nourishment of this Minute Dust World. If my calculation is correct, you can put hundreds of thousands of people in this Minute Dust World and let them cultivate the Dragon-nourishing Qi and Dragon-making Qi, then let them inject the Dragon-nourishing Qi and Dragon-making Qi into this Minute Dust World. Then, they will pray and gather the power of their prayers. That will be enough to maintain the normal operation of this Minute Dust World. If you put millions of people in this Minute Dust World, then this Minute Dust World can provide you with power. You can use this Minute Dust World to tear the void and capture and kill your enemies.

If you don't have the Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique and Dragon Creation Cultivation Technique, I'm afraid that you'll need over a hundred million people to operate this world, or even several hundred million people to ensure that this world doesn't weaken. "

"You're right. Without the support of the Dragon Nurturing Mental Art and Dragon Creation Mental Art, it's very difficult to support the microscopic world with the power of faith. Compared to this, I do admire that Calming Immortal Department a little. They managed the microscopic world, but it didn't collapse and wither. Instead, it rose steadily and even turned into a mini chiliocosm. That group of people is really amazing." Gu Snapping Sword also had to admit, "Back to the main topic, how are we going to exchange? You need the Holy Dragon Aura, and I need the two arts.

"If you have the two arts, you can go to the Wilderness and capture millions of barbarians, brainwash them, and let them live in the Minor Chiliocosm. Then you can do whatever you want in the future.

If you cultivate the Dragon Nurturing Heart Art, they'll reach the Dao Realm sooner or later. After that, you won't even have to worry about food and drink. "

Gu Chensha's Dou Nineteen said, "Give me all the Holy Dragon Aura, and I'll give you the Dragon Nurturing and Dragon Creation Arts. How about it?" "You have a big appetite." Gu Tanjian wasn't going to agree.

"It seems you haven't tasted the benefits of the Dragon Nurturing Heart Art. You haven't even started operating this dust world, and you can't use the power of the world."

Gu Chensha's Dou Nineteen said, "I just said that you need a million people to pray day and night in this world before you can use the power of the world. That's on the premise that they're all ordinary Mortal Realm experts. If they're all Dao Realm experts, then you only need a few hundred thousand people."

Gu Chensha managed the Small God State and studied the power of life. Normally speaking, 120,000 to 30,000 Dao Realm Transformation cultivators could support the daily operation of the dust world. If they cultivated the Dragon Nurturing Heart Art, then it would be amazing. The dust world would be nourished by the Dragon Nurturing Energy, and the speed and agility of the world would be like a machine smeared with grease.

Of course, 100,000 Dao Realm Transformation cultivators weren't a small matter. Even with the Great Yongchō, those who could step into the Dao Realm weren't cabbages, and they all had a high status.

Ten years ago, when Gu Chensha made his debut, if a Dao Realm cultivator entered the Imperial Court, he would immediately obtain a high position. Now, it wasn't possible.

Now, in the Small God State, there were more than 200,000 Dao Realm Transformation 7 and above cultivators cultivating the Great People's Salvation Scripture. From this, one could see how much the Wish Power it produced could push the world.

Not to mention, there was the Wish Power of the Four Symbols Saint Beasts within the Common People's Wish Sphere.

"I still need the Holy Dragon Energy." Gu Tanjian wouldn't agree no matter what, "I can give you one-fifth." "One-fifth won't do, I want half."

Gu Chensha estimated that one-fifth of the Holy Dragon Energy, along with the help of his Heaven Path Art, would only be enough for Lou Huaiyue and Long Zaifei to become Natural Saints. Gu Tanjian didn't have much Holy Dragon Energy left.

"Half is too much."

Gu Tanjian said, "Unless you take out other treasures, such as the talismans of the three Heavenly Venerables, or primordial treasures or divine artifacts."

"Using the Dragon Nurturing Technique and Dragon Creation Technique to exchange for the Holy Dragon Energy is a loss."

Gu Chensha's Dou Nineteen said, "Brother Flicking Sword, you really know how to do business. I don't have any Dharma treasures on hand, and they were all taken by the Calming Immortal Department. If I don't take revenge, I'm not human." "There's nothing I can do about this."

Gu Shengjian rolled his eyes. "I heard that Heavenly Venerable Victorious Fighter once found a connate numinous treasure in the chaos. This numinous treasure is called the Mortal Transmutation Divine Cauldron. I just want to borrow it. How about that?" "I can't get it."

Gu Chensha's Dou Nineteen knew that the Mortal Exuding God Cauldron was an extremely powerful Connate Numinous Treasure. Anyone who entered the cauldron could shed their mortal heart, body, fate, luck, and everything else, transforming them into divinity. It was more miraculous than any pill or treasure that could transform one's mortal body. Even Dou Nineteen himself had never seen it before. He had only heard of it.

"In that case, either you give me one-fifth of the holy dragon's blessing, or you lend me the Otherworldly God-Transforming Cauldron." Gu Danjian said, "You can give me an answer in three days. How about that?"

"Alright." Gu Chensha's Dou Nineteen saw that Gu Tanjian was unassailable, so he could only take his leave. After that, his Wudang Xing avatar also took his leave.

Three days is enough for me to carry out a series of plans. The Devil Calamity will break out in seven days, and I don't have any good methods to slow it down. The Devil Saints and Demon Gods of the Pygmy Demon Tribe, Demon Dragon Tribe, Blood Demon Tribe, and Nether Armor Great Demon Tribe have all come to an agreement. I won't be able to overthrow them easily. Even with my Art of Heavenly Dao, I can only cause a small ruckus. I won't be able to affect the overall situation. The only way is to improve the Calmness Immortal Department's strength in these seven days. I must obtain the Holy Dragon Energy from this gourd. Other than that, I need to think of a way to unite them. " In a few breaths' time, Gu Chensha had thought of thousands of countermeasures. His body moved, and he once again entered the Minor Chiliocosm.

At this time, Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and the Fourth had also received news of him. This was a major event. In seven days, the Devil Race would launch a Devil Calamity, and they would first attack the Minor Chiliocosm's Common People's Wish.

In the Demon Domain, hundreds of millions of Devil Race in countless Nether Iron Fortresses chanted the Maha Mantra, gathering their power together. They had been brewing for several years, and once this power erupted, it would most likely cause a destructive blow to the Minor Chiliocosm's Common People's Wish. More importantly, many Demon Gods and Demon Saints would attack together.

Whether it was the Nether Armor Race, the Pygmy Demon Tribe, the Demon Dragon Tribe, or the Blood Demon Tribe, they all had Minor Chiliocosms.

If they used their Minor Chiliocosm to attack, the Calmness Immortal Department might really be annihilated.

Compared to the Devil Race, among the Profound Immortal Dao Sects, only the Crimson Firmament Sect would use its Minor Chiliocosm to attack. As for the Crimson Firmament Sect, Gu Chensha was actually not afraid.

The Crimson Firmament Sect's current accumulation might not even compare to the Minor Chiliocosm's Wish sphere. After all, this sphere was a fusion of many Divine Artifacts.

"The impetus for the Devil Disaster's outbreak was single-handedly facilitated by Wu Dangkong and his group. Damn it, we tried our best to delay, but we still couldn't avoid it. If we were given another three to five years, our chances would be much higher, and we might even be able to upgrade this Minor Chiliocosm to a Medium Chiliocosm." Lou Baiyue knew that things were starting to deteriorate.

Basically, everyone in the world, including the officials of the imperial court, did not know about this.

"I'm afraid it's too late to inform the world governors now."

Gu Huasha's expression was solemn. He also knew that this time was different from the past. There were only seven days left before the great changes would occur. "Moreover, if we inform them now, it will cause chaos in the world for no reason. When the time comes, before the Devil Disaster breaks out, the world will be filled with rumors and panic." "Yes, when the time comes, it will be extremely unwise to be in a state of chaos."

Zhuge Ya also said, "Fortunately, we usually spread the news that the Devil Disaster will come at any time. The Sin Province has also been emptied, leaving behind the Buddhist Sect's Human Dragon Guild to suppress it.

The moment the Devil Disaster breaks out, the Human Dragon Guild will be the first to bear the brunt. When the time comes, we will be able to see the methods left behind by the Buddhist Sect. "