Chapter 935
===========

Reversal of the Situation Chapter 932 Reversal of the Situation

Gu Chensha had already guessed what the trump card of the Heavenly Court was. It must be the combination of the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos and the bottomless Sea of Sin in the center of the Divine Land, thus completely destroying the current structure of the Four Wastelands of the Divine Land and turning the Divine Land into the Heavenly Court again.

Unfortunately, after understanding all this, Gu Chensha did not do it himself. Instead, he persuaded the Demonic Ape of Chaos with a strategy. Using the karma of the future, the Demonic Ape of Chaos easily took away the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos.

If the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos fell into the hands of the Demonic Ape of Chaos, the Heavenly Court would be in disaster.

In the future, after the Demonic Ape of Chaos obtained the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos, he led the demon army to fight against the Heavenly Court countless times, conquering the Immortal World, the Divine World, and even the human world. In the end, the Emperor Of Heaven took action and suppressed it. Otherwise, no one could do anything to this monkey.

However, this was also a tribulation of the Heavenly Court. After the Emperor Of Heaven suppressed it, the Heavenly Court could enjoy a long period of peace.

In the countless years, the Heavenly Court was not always without disasters and tribulations. Every once in a while, there would be tribulations. As long as the tribulations subsided, the Heavenly Court could be peaceful for a long time again. Tribulations were also a kind of cleansing.

Because the Heavenly Court was immortal, more and more people lived in the Heavenly Court. The immortal immortal officials would also affect the balance of the order between the heaven and the earth, so it needed to be cleansed by tribulations. After the great cleansing, the order would be stabilized. This was the role of tribulations.

Therefore, tribulations were a good thing for the Heavenly Court. Of course, the Emperor Of Heaven must control the situation and not let it spread out into an uncontrollable situation.

"The Heavenly Pillar of Chaos is finally in my hands."

The Demonic Ape of Chaos roared and took out the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos from his ear. Then, he shook it against the wind and turned it into a stick. He held it in his hand and waved it slightly, shaking the world.

"Hahahahaha …" The Demonic Ape of Chaos laughed arrogantly and looked around proudly.

"How dare you!"

How dare you betray the Heavenly Court? You have taken control of the Demon Realm. This is the greatest honor that the Heavenly Court has bestowed upon you. They have made you the lord of a realm. The great power and honor of the Demon Clan are concentrated on you. How dare you betray the Heavenly Court? Where is your conscience? " "Nonsense!" Divine Ape of Chaos did not hesitate. He leaped up and swung his cudgel at Chaotic Heavenly King.

As soon as this club's might was released, mountains and rivers shattered, groups of stars fell, and worlds collapsed. It possessed the might to overturn the world.

It could be said that the current Demonic Ape of Chaos was more powerful than it would be in the future because he had cultivated the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method. This method drove the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos and added karma. Chaotic Heavenly King was no match for it at all.

Gu Chensha's Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method was the product of two eras and civilizations. Although the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos itself was more powerful than the Hong Meng Tree, the Dragon Gate of Untainted Land, and the Decree of Heaven Sacrifice, it still did not break away from the civilization of the Immortal Cultivation Method. Refining this treasure with the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method could make this treasure finally surrender and completely belong to the Demonic Ape of Chaos.

Of course, Gu Chensha was not afraid that the Demonic Ape of Chaos would disobey him, because those who cultivated the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method would be influenced by the truth. The Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method was the truth.

Even if the Demonic Ape of Chaos betrayed him, deep in his heart, he still recognized the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method and would cultivate it tirelessly according to this truth. This was also the meaning of the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method created by Gu Chensha. Moreover, Gu Chensha had the ability to suppress the Demonic Ape of Chaos at any time. Boom!

The Demonic Ape of Chaos swung his cudgel and smashed it hard on the Chaotic Heavenly King. The Chaotic Heavenly King's body began to crack, and countless chaotic airflows scattered in all directions. Suddenly, a gap appeared in the formation that trapped Zhuge Ya. Whoosh!

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Zhuge Ya flew out and then flew all over the sky, turning into a huge vortex of stars. Like a cosmic storm, dozens of Celestial Lords reincarnated from stars were suddenly sucked into the vortex behind him.

In the blink of an eye, Zhuge Ya had absorbed a total of 150 Celestial Lords from stars. His cultivation was getting stronger and stronger. With a slight tremble, the Celestial Lords reincarnated from stars in the sky kept avoiding his pursuit.

These Celestial Lords did not dare to fight against him at all. It seemed that they had met some kind of nemesis.

Because no matter how great the power was, as long as it approached Zhuge Ya, it would be absorbed into his vortex. And the Celestial Lords reincarnated from stars would lose all their power and become ordinary people. They would fall into a small courtyard among the common people, and from then on, they could only live like ordinary people.

If Zhuge Ya were to be able to absorb more than a hundred thousand Celestial Lords who were reincarnated from the stars into the whirlpool of stars behind him, then his cultivation would be truly terrifying. No one would be able to do anything to him except for the Celestial Emperor.

"Oh no!" The Earthly Sovereign's face also changed at this time.

He controlled the Underworld, which was second only to the Emperor Of Heaven. But now he felt that he could not control the situation at all. The betrayal of the Demonic Ape of Chaos and the seizure of the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos made him feel that if the Emperor Of Heaven did not take action, this plan would completely fail.

"Wu Dangkong, all of your plans this time were all part of Dustsand's plan. Dustsand has already instigated Primordius Demon Ape and used his karma to take away the Primordius Heavenly Pillar. Now that you have lost the Primordius Heavenly Pillar, what else can you do?"

The dragonless mental cultivation method on Lou Baiyue's body swelled again and combined with the crystal wall of the entire Four Wastelands of the Divine Land. Suddenly, the power in her body was immeasurable.

"How could this Lou Baiyue be so strong?" Long Xiangtian's face was extremely gloomy. "So many of us can't do anything to her?"

"If the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos fell into the Bottomless Sea of Sin, the structure of the Divine Land would be destroyed and the Divine Land would become the Heavenly Court. Basically, the situation would be settled. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha is a little smarter."

Liu Chansha said, "He used the karma of the Demonic Ape of Chaos to seize the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos. In this way, Lou Baiyue can use the power of the Divine Land and the Four Wastelands at any time. Naturally, we can't suppress her. You should know that the Divine Land is the body of the Heavenly Court. Not only does it have infinite divine power, but the power of the Four Wastelands is also far beyond that of the ordinary Boundless World.

Not to mention that, what's more amazing is that Gu Dusha refined the highest immortal essence left behind by the prehistoric technological civilization, the battleship and the system, and integrated it into China. This is equivalent to the integration of the immortal civilization and the prehistoric technological civilization. Lou Baiyue can use this power, how can we be his opponent? "

"This is not necessarily bad for us. We can watch the battle between the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha. Now we don't need to get involved in this muddy water. Let's go! "

Long Xiangtian's eyes darted around. He knew that the situation was very complicated and that he wouldn't be able to get anything out of it. After a brief discussion with Liu Chansha, he suddenly activated the power of the Great Sun in his body and left with Liu Chansha. They didn't even greet the Earthly Sovereign or Wu Dangkong.

When Peacock saw the two of them leaving, his heart palpitated in shock, Who would have thought that even this could not kill Lou Baiyue? Did I bet on the wrong thing? She followed the Heavenly Court and ended up like this? If I don't leave now, when will I? If I don't leave now, I'm afraid it will be too late. " "Peacock, you want to leave too?"

Without Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha, Lou Baiyue felt a lot less pressure. She saw through Peacock's intention and wouldn't let it go. "You were the Emperor's concubine, but you betrayed the court. Chensha gave you the Dragon Amulet to save you, but you abandoned it in the blink of an eye and joined the Heavenly Court. You're a two-faced wolf cub. How can I let you go?"

As Lou Baiyue spoke, she formed a seal with both hands. The Dragon Amulet inside Peacock's body moved and brought Peacock into Lou Baiyue's palm.

Peacock's body shrank and became a three-inch woman. She stood on Lou Baiyue's palm in terror, unable to escape. "Lou Baiyue, what do you want?" "I want to take away your origin and all your cultivation, and turn you into a mortal."

Lou Baiyue looked at Peacock in her palm. "I gave you a chance, but you didn't want it. You came to die. I really don't know why you're so obsessed, but it's not important now." "No!"

Peacock cried. "I know how powerful the court is now. I'm willing to join them. Give me this chance, and I will do my best to worship and fight against the Heavenly Court. I won't have any other thoughts.

You should know that even if you take away my essence, you will only be able to increase your own cultivation. If you keep me, I will be able to continuously produce a large amount of sacrificial power. It will be of great benefit to you. Now that you've taken away my cultivation, it's the same as killing a chicken that was born with a golden egg. I don't think you'll kill the goose that lays the golden egg. " "Peacock, why don't you understand? We don't really need the power of sacrificial energy anymore. "

Lou Baiyue said, "When the [Dragonless Heart Art] reaches the highest realm, the sacrificial offering of one's spirit force will be self-sufficient. Moreover, one's divine power is boundless, and they don't need any external power. Alright, I won't waste time with you. Go and accompany Gu Tiansha, Gu Xuansha, and Fa Wuxian. " Rumble!

Lou Baiyue clasped his hands together and instantly, all the energy in the peacock's body was extracted. She had obtained the mutant source and was extremely powerful. Unfortunately, she had met Lou Baiyue and had walked the wrong path. Ah …

The peacock let out a blood-curdling screech and turned back into an ordinary person. Lou Baiyue threw it into the courtyard on the ground, and it no longer had a chance to turn the tables.

"Daughter!"

Li Wanlong, who was in the underworld of the King of Earth, saw that the peacock had failed and turned into an ordinary person. He immediately let out a sorrowful and indignant voice, "Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, I, Li Wanlong, will never forgive you!"