Chapter 667
===========

"Advancing to God Realm is just a matter of time." Gu Chensha waved his hands, "Is Celestial Head interested in working with our Calming Celestial Division? After all, we are all a family. Why do we have to fight and let outsiders benefit us? Once we clear out the various factions, won't there be enough for us to split?

For example, if we kill Wan Senshi, the three Celestial Venerables, Dharma Saint, the Demon Race, etc. We will eat them up and digest them. How will we have time to fight? " "You are really ambitious."

Maha Suisui was shocked. She knew how powerful the legacies of the Buddhist Sect were. Even if she didn't obtain the Paramita Golden Mountain, she would still be able to obtain the memories of the supreme Buddhas and the Buddhist Sect's heavyweights. It would be extremely beneficial to her cultivation.

After reaching the Dao Realm Ten Transformations, one had to absorb a lot of knowledge as resources to extract the true essence for her own use.

The higher her cultivation, the more hardworking she would be in her studies to obtain more knowledge.

The more knowledge she had, the more resources she would have. In the future, when she broke through, she would be able to comprehend and cultivate.

The knowledge that Gu Chensha obtained was pretty much unparalleled in the world. What he needed to do was to extract deep truths from the knowledge and merge them with his own to forge a Saint Heart. This was the preparation for him to become a Saint.

"How is it so easy to deal with Wan Senshi? Even my mother, Celestial Head, is on the same level as Wan Senshi. Wan Senshi's cultivation has reached Heaven Life Realm and he has exceeded Celestial Venerables.

It is impossible for him to be killed and it is impossible for him to be sealed. This realm is not something that we can understand. Wan Senshi's true strength hasn't been revealed. He has a medium-sized world and you haven't even seen it. You just saw him casually create a new God Continent and you think so highly of it?

This isn't what a wise man would do. "Gu Huansha's eyes flickered as if she wanted to gain enough benefits from Gu Chensha.

"Wan Senshi isn't that great. I've joined forces with the Buddhist Sect to destroy his chess piece, which is Jing Fanxing. Wan Senshi sealed the small World Tree in the Dao Querying Map that he had refined and gave it to Jing Fanxing. In the end, I obtained it and comprehended the essence within it. Finally, I upgraded the Tree of Desire once again and evolved it into the embryonic form of the World Tree, possessing some of the secrets of the Hong Meng Tree. Your cultivation has already advanced to the God level, so you should be able to tell what kind of changes have occurred to the embryonic form of the World Tree." Gu Chensha had many trump cards, so he didn't believe that Gu Huansha wouldn't be tempted.

"You truly do have some skill. If you can obtain Paramita Golden Mountain and combine it with your dimensional realm, then that would truly be invincible. But, your Immortal Calmness Division's way of ruling a country doesn't seem to be fused with the teachings of Buddhism. Although you created the Man Dragon League, you are still extremely vigilant towards the spread of the teachings of Buddhism. You have to be on guard at all times. "Maha Linfeng suddenly spoke.

"I've already reached a perfect agreement with the Buddhist Sect to reform their dealings, allowing Qin Han to become the leader of the resurgence of the Buddhist Sect. I'll fuse the orthodoxy of the Buddhist Sect into the Yongchō Civilization and the Divine Prefecture Civilization, adding luster to them. Otherwise, do you think that the Buddhist Sect would pass all their memories and legacies to me?"

Gu Chensha was secretly wary of this Maha Linfeng. This man had some tricks up his sleeves and seemed to be proficient in the way of ruling a country.

If it was a cultivator who only focused on cultivation and didn't know the way of ruling a country, Gu Chensha wouldn't care at all. He was ultimately unable to reach the highest realm.

The final move of the Son of Heaven Investiture Art was' All Beings Are United '. If this move was mastered, it would be able to reverse the heavens and earth and recreate Yin and Yang. It would have unimaginable and supreme uses. And the foundation of cultivating this move was basically governing a country, allowing all beings to slowly advance according to one's ideals and gradually expand. This was the true essence of this move.

"I see. No wonder you're so confident."

Gu Huan Sha said, "In that case, you can name your conditions. I'll see if they're good or not. If I'm satisfied, I might as well promise you. What you want now is nothing more than to protect the face of your Celestial Tranquility Department and rescue Yuhuan Lu, isn't that right?"

"Apart from that, you also want to destroy the New Divine Region, disintegrate the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, and fight with Wan Senshi to see what kind of cultivation base this old antique has. This is also my wish." Gu Chensha said.

"Are you crazy?"

Maha Sui's words were very blunt, "You don't have the ability to fight with Wan Senshi. To be honest, even if God Maha appeared and suppressed our Maha Clan, we still wouldn't have any chance of winning against Wan Senshi. Let me tell you the truth, don't think that your Celestial Tranquility Department has cultivated a medium-class world and is very awe-inspiring, but in fact, your foundation is very shallow. Even if you join forces with the three great mystical sects, in Wan Senshi's eyes, you're still nothing but clay chickens and pottery dogs.

The only thing that Wan Senshi is worried about is the golden plate left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

Besides, your Celestial Tranquility Department has enemies on all sides. The Dharma Saint has joined forces with many aristocratic families, plus the Heavenly Devil Clan and many other Devil Clans. Yet, you still dare to offend a supreme giant like Wan Senshi at this juncture? Isn't that courting death?

Wan Senshi's strength is above the Supreme Buddha. Even if you obtained the Paramita Golden Mountain, it's still impossible for you to defeat Wan Senshi. " "We have the determination to perish together."

Gu Chensha's tone was cold and murderous. "The Celestial Tranquility Department is united. If worse comes to worst, we'll just act recklessly and kill as many as we can. I've cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art, so as long as I deliberately hide, no one in the world can do anything to me. Wan Senshi also can't divine my existence. I'll just destroy everywhere, who am I afraid of?" His words caused Gu Huan Sha's heart to turn cold.

However, Gu Huan Sha soon regained her senses. She thought for a while and said, "How about this, there's no rush to join forces to deal with Wan Senshi. Let's wait for a few days. How about it?

I want to see the battle between Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu. If Chang Weiyang wins and obtains the position of a Heavenly Venerable, our cooperation will begin immediately.

Your Celestial Tranquility Department's alliance has a Heavenly Venerable suppressing it. It won't be easy for others to topple it. " "What?"

Gu Chensha was shocked. "The battle between Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu is such a secret. How did you know about it?"

"I didn't know at first, but I know now." Gu Huan Sha said, "What can be hidden from the Immortal Master?" Gu Chensha fell silent. It seemed like the Immortal Master's ability was beyond his imagination.

"The battle between Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu?" Maha Sui's eyes shone. "I really want to go and watch the battle." "That's not possible."

Gu Huan Sha waved her hand. "The goal of these two isn't to determine a victor. Instead, they want to give it their all. In the midst of life and death, they will erupt with the true essence of power and break through to the Heavenly Venerable Realm. Therefore, they chose to fight in the Exiled Lands.

This Exiled Lands is very mysterious. Without reaching the Heavenly Venerable Realm, one can't come out after entering. If the two of them fight there, they will be fighting to the death. I don't dare to enter. " "What will happen if they fail?"

Maha Linfeng said calmly, "If Chang Weiyang loses and dies, the Celestial Tranquility Department will be in danger." "This will be a serious blow to the Celestial Tranquility Department's luck.

At the very least, many forces will cause chaos in the world. The days of the Celestial Tranquility Department will not be easy. "

Gu Huan Sha echoed, "During the previous court meeting, the Celestial Tranquility Department suppressed the aristocratic families of the world and extorted many primordial treasures from them. From then on, the Celestial Tranquility Department's prestige spread throughout both the mortal and immortal paths. Their prestige reached the peak, and the forces of the world did not dare to come out and cause trouble. They obediently listened to the arrangements of the imperial court.

Unfortunately, Wan Senshi captured Yuhuan Lu and tied her up in the New Divine Continent. All the cultivators of the world saw her capture the people of the Celestial Tranquility Department. Let alone going to the Celestial Tranquility Department to kill them, they couldn't even rescue them.

This was a massive blow to the Celestial Tranquility Department, and their prestige began to fall from the peak. Afterwards, the Dharma Saint advanced to a dimensional realm and gathered all the aristocratic families of the world. The Celestial Tranquility Department's prestige fell even further. Luckily, the Celestial Tranquility Department had already planned this beforehand and won over the three great mystical sects. Like this, it offset a great deal of the negative effects.

But if Chang Weiyang died in battle, that would be a heavy blow to the Celestial Tranquility Department. A great mystical sect that was in an alliance with the Celestial Tranquility Department, one that could even challenge the Black Heaven Earth Sect's Patriarch, was actually killed by Dou Yiyu, a subordinate of three Empyreans. If news of this spread out, it would mean that the Celestial Tranquility Department was completely routed by three Empyreans. If even Chang Weiyang couldn't be saved, then who would still respect the Celestial Tranquility Department?

Naturally, some ambitious people would rise up. At that time, the Celestial Tranquility Department would have to suppress them and they would be thrown into confusion.

Secondly, if the Celestial Tranquility Department's alliance loses a great master like Chang Weiyang, then with the suppression of a divergent, the power of the world will drop by an entire level. Currently, the Celestial Tranquility Department's alliance only has a divergent, Chang Weiyang. "

"That's right. A divergent is no trifling matter. Moreover, Chang Weiyang's prestige and prestige can shake the heavens and earth. She is a giant that has dominated the Profound Immortal Path for thousands of years. Once she perishes, I'm afraid some ambitious people within the cosmos' Profound Immortal Path will start to stir. Moreover, they will also lose confidence. Once this confidence is lost, it will spread to the other mystical sects. Once the hearts of the people scatter, it will be hard to lead the team." Maha Linfeng said.

"So you're saying that if Chang Weiyang advances to the Empyrean realm, she will have the qualifications to cooperate with you? But at that time, the price won't be this. "Gu Chensha said.

"That's right. We're waiting for this result." Gu Huan Sha said, "We'll discuss it again after the result comes out."

"Very good. Since that's the case, then I'll bid my farewells." Gu Chensha's figure flickered and disappeared from sight.

"Hmph!"

Maha Sui looked at his departing figure and coldly snorted. "This person wants to drive the tiger to swallow the wolf again. He wants us to fight against Wan Senshi and weaken our strength. That's simply wishful thinking."

"Back then, he used this scheme to split Wu Dangkong and the others into pieces, making them wish they were dead. Now, he's using this against us. How is that possible? "

Gu Huan Sha said, "Pay attention. We have to grasp this opportunity. If Chang Weiyang perishes, then we'll immediately contact Wan Senshi and the Dharma Saint. While suppressing the Celestial Tranquility Department, we'll expand the scale of our Celestial Designer Institute and promote the genetic evolution medicine. It's much better than whatever Human Dragon Pellet. The good days of the Celestial Tranquility Department are coming to an end. " ...