Chapter 287
===========

"When will I be able to comprehend the supreme mysteries of the Ancestral Witch Scripture, the Dao of the Past?

I have already cultivated the Rage Fist to an extremely high level. Apart from that, there are also the Sorrow Fist, Enduring Fist, Thought Fist, Thought Fist, Intent Fist, Gratitude Fist, Forgetfulness Fist, and Evil Fist.

I am about to merge them all together. I am still lacking a little and haven't reached the Chaotic Realm where I can change endlessly with just one thought. " Gu Tanjian savored the fist technique.

"Rage, Sorrow, Enduring, Thought, Thought, Intent, Gratitude, Forgetfulness, and Evil.

They are all related to the heart. As the saying goes, anger enslaves the heart, but the heart is enslaved. The Fist of Sorrow reverses the heart. This is not the heart. The other fists all have this meaning. "

Mr. Feng said, "If you can completely master these nine fists, you will at least reach the Dao Realm Twenty Transformations, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence."

"Gathering and dispersing impermanence …" Gu Tanjian smiled viciously, "I am now at the Golden Core of the Dao Realm Eighteen Transformations.

If I go one step further, I will be at Size Manipulation, Nineteen Transformations. This realm is probably the realm of some old antiques, but Mr. Feng doesn't seem optimistic. Could it be that I can't deal with Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue? "

"Gu Chensha's cultivation is really weird, but his biggest reliance is the Dragon Gate that he crafted himself. This Dragon Gate is a part of the Dragon Transformation Tower that a Martial Emperor crafted. The Chaotic World Demon Ape God gave it to Yuan Shesheng to craft. Who knows how much effort it took, but Gu Chensha stole it and used a mysterious technique to craft it. He was actually able to activate the potential of the tower."

Mister Feng continued, "Later on, he and Lou Baiyue fused countless magical treasures and cultivated the Dragon Gate. This treasure has the ability to absorb and refine, and it is no less powerful than many ancient supreme treasures. If you encounter him, I'm afraid that only death awaits you. "

"I know he was able to capture Jing Fanxing with a wave of his hand. His sword forms the void, and his sky is boundless. However, Jing Fanxing's cultivation base is the same as mine. I can kill three to five of him by myself," said Gu Tanjian disdainfully.

"Jing Fanxing is also extremely powerful. He is an outstanding talent of the Black Heaven Earth Sect. You must not underestimate him. Otherwise, you will be the one to suffer." Mister Feng waved his hand. "None of the unparalleled geniuses are ordinary.

Actually, your strength is completely dependent on this The Great Spirit God Ring. This ring was formed from The Great Spirit God's skeleton, and it is also the channel through which you communicate with The Great Spirit God. The Dragon Nurturing Pills and Dragon Nurturing Pills that you obtained were all derived from this ring. This ring actually leads to the Divine Kingdom of The Great Spirit God.

However, you have to be careful. The Great Spirit God is the most cunning of gods. I'm afraid he has other plans. " "It's just an exchange of benefits."

Gu Tanjian said faintly, "The force behind Mister Feng is actually using me. I really can't believe it."

"You will believe it in the future. However, besides the Great Spirit God, there seems to be another force behind the Crown Prince. In my eyes, the Crown Prince is also unfathomable." Mister Feng was testing the waters as he spoke.

"I am a person favored by the heavens."

Gu Tanjian smiled mysteriously. "However, the Ancient Sorcerer Tribe is powerful. Since you have given me so much support, I still have to express my gratitude. What do you want? Just tell me. " "It's simple. We want our king to come back to life," said Mister Feng.

"Your king? Who is it? "Gu Tanjian asked.

"Crown Prince, you are well-read. You should know about the Xing Qiong Tribe." Mister Feng said the name solemnly.

"The Fiercest Man in China!"

At first, Gu Tanjian was shocked. However, he soon felt his hair stand on end. "Your king is actually him?

I heard from the ancient legends that he killed many Heavenly Sons. Later on, the ancient Heavenly Sons united together, together with the Immortal Dao Mysterious Gate, and even the Demon Race and Demonic Dao, in the end, they killed him, and his corpse was suppressed everywhere. Could it be that this is true?

"It is true," said Mister Feng. "If you can resurrect our king, the Crown Prince will receive great benefits." "Hehe, I can't even protect myself after resurrecting such a terrifying existence.

However, it's not that I can't negotiate. As long as there are enough benefits, I can do anything. It all depends on whether you can pay the price.

The Great Spirit God has given me so many Dragon Cultivating Pills and even Dragon Creation Pills. Now, all you have done is teach me some martial arts and give me some treasures. "Gu Tanjian was still asking for benefits.

"The treasure I gave you is called the Grand Shaman's Heart. It can protect your Nascent Soul, your flesh and blood, and give you more life force than others.

Crown Prince, you absolutely must not underestimate this treasure. If you refine it, you will reach the twenty-first Dao Realm Transformation and the Five Elements Transformation sooner or later. There won't be any obstacles. " "I will carefully study this treasure."

Gu Tanjian nodded. "I've already sent Mister Feng to investigate the whereabouts of the Lord of Seven Stars. What do you think, Mister Feng? Should we take her by force?" "That's the key," said Mister Feng.

"The Lord of Seven Stars is the king of all stars. Whoever obtains it will be surrounded by countless other stars, and they'll have an endless supply of talent.

But right now, Zhuge Ya is under Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue's command. I'm afraid it'll be difficult to take him. Thankfully, we received this information in advance, so we can make our own arrangements. Furthermore, Zhuge Ya hasn't truly fused with the seven stars yet, so he isn't the true Lord of Seven Stars. If we take him, we can use all sorts of secret arts to separate his soul from the mysteries of the seven stars and extract them. If he succeeds in fusing with it, it will be useless even if we kill him. "

"Then Mister Feng, go gather the experts. When the time comes, we'll move together." Gu Tanjian nodded. Mister Feng turned and disappeared into the darkness. As Gu Tanjian watched him disappear, his eyes flickered with a vicious light.

After he completely disappeared, Gu Zingjian rotated the Giant Spirit Ring and rubbed it twice. Immediately, a picture of smoke emerged from it, and a blurry face appeared.

"Why have you summoned me?" The face spoke in an archaic, archaic voice.

"The Lord of Seven Stars has appeared. What should we do?" Gu Tanjian explained the information he'd just received. The face seemed visibly shaken. "Good, good, very good. This is great news for me.

This is a chance for you to truly transform. If you can obtain the mysteries of the seven stars and become the Lord of Seven Stars, then you'll be the king of the stars. You'll be able to gather all the stars, and we'll succeed in our mission. " "Right, what should we do about Chi Zhu?"

Gu Tanjian was a bit worried. "He gave me the techniques and treasures. If I refine them according to your cultivation method, will he be able to tell?

He even wants to release their king, who turns out to be the Divine Prefecture's number one fiend, Xing Qiong. "

"Don't worry about it. They're already in decline. It won't be so easy to regain their former glory."

The face laughed coldly. "That's all part of my plan. If I want to truly resurrect and wield the might of the nine heavens and ten lands, I'll probably have to devour some of their things."

"Then let's discuss how we can seize the Lord of Seven Stars as quickly as possible. Who would've guessed that Bao Ming 'er would be so short-sighted as to sell information about the Lord of Seven Stars for such a small benefit?" Gu Tanjian wanted to let out a long howl, but he held it in. "It seems the heavens are helping me. Should I notify Wu Dangkong? "

"Dragonfortune Pills are no small matter. You can't use them carelessly. It's worth it to trade three of them for this information.

You can notify Wu Dangkong, but it's best if you sell the information to him. I'm sure the Wu Clan will pay several times the price for this information. But if the Wu Clan interferes... We might not be able to truly seize the Lord of Seven Stars. " "Then let's discuss this further," said Gu Tanjian, his expression grave. The moon was high in the sky.

The skies of the Wildlands were bright and clear. Light shone down upon the forest, and countless animals let out terrifying cries that rose and fell incessantly.

Living in the Wildlands at night was extremely terrifying. Those who were timid wouldn't be able to sleep through the night. Who knew how many monsters lived in the Wildlands? At this moment, Gu Chensha and Bao Ming 'er were once again meeting in a mountain valley.

They hadn't chosen to meet in their fiefdom, precisely because there were so many people watching, and they were worried that someone would notice something was amiss.

Bao Ming 'er produced the three pills and handed them to Gu Chensha. "According to our plan, I've traded information about Zhuge Ya for three Dragonfortune Pills."

Gu Chensha accepted the pills and tossed them into the Dragon Gate. In the blink of an eye, they were in the depths of the Buzhou Palace. The enormous spell formation rotated, probing, studying, and refining. The three hundred and sixty Heavenmender Generals were constantly chanting incantations to activate the Buzhou Palace.

After four hours, Gu Chensha produced another medicinal pill and handed it to Bao Ming 'er. "There really is something wrong with this pill. Gu Tanjian placed a vicious restrictive spell inside. If you consume it, you'll be under his control. Thankfully, I used the power of the Buzhou Palace to dispel the restrictive spell.

Now, you can consume it without worry. If you consume one, you'll become a peerless genius. As for the other two, I'll fuse them into the Dragon Gate. They'll gain the true meaning of dragon creation and ascend to the next level! "

"Don't worry. I only need one. Taking more won't do me any good. Besides, this is our plan. Let's spread word about the Lord of Seven Stars. First, we'll throw the situation into chaos. Then we'll wait for the big fish to take the bait."

Bao Ming 'er took the pill and wrapped it up in Connate empyrean energy. Flames burned, and the pill transformed into the image of an ancient Dragon Gate. Countless living beings entered the gate, then emerged as true dragons, baring their fangs and brandishing their claws. She used her Nascent Divinity to touch the image of the pill, and a smile appeared on her face.

As for Gu Chensha, he used his Nascent Divinity to power the Dragon Gate, causing it to erupt with shocking waves of energy.

Considering the level of his cultivation base, he wouldn't have been able to detect Gu Tanjian's restrictive spell. But recently, he and Lou Baiyue had refined the mysteries of the Sinful Star and the Evilest Star, making him something like the reincarnation of a star. Furthermore, he was even more powerful. Now that he had formed a Nascent Divinity, his Nascent Divinity power was ten times that of a Golden Core Dao cultivator. By using his Nascent Divinity power to power the Buzhou Palace and the Dragon Gate, he was able to unleash the true power of these two treasures. Crack! Crack! The Dragon Gate was like a person who, after consuming two Dragon Creation Pills, had transformed.