Chapter 921
===========

"Family Head, if our Xu Family wants to truly unify the myriad realms, we must eliminate the Imperial Court and the Emperor Of Heaven. However, things aren't that simple.

I don't think Nangong Xun and Duan Xiaoxian are on the same path as us during the grand ceremony. I'm afraid that even if we agree to suddenly launch an attack during the ceremony, they might just sell us out completely. "

The subordinate beside him seemed to be a well-known figure in the Xu Family, second only to Xu Ziyu. His analysis of the situation was very clear.

"Xu Daoyi, your judgment is getting sharper and sharper. I didn't nurture you in vain."

Xu Ziyu nodded. "These people are naturally unreliable. They even have thoughts of killing me and seizing my star bodies. All these years, I've been doing things in secret, killing many people who have reincarnated after refining their star bodies. In fact, I've accumulated a lot of resentment and sin. All these karma has seeped into my destiny. In the near future, I'll definitely encounter a huge tribulation. This tribulation will probably be fatal, so I need to devour Zhuge Ya as soon as possible. Only by devouring Zhuge Ya can I use his destiny to resist the tribulation and resolve it. From then on, my destiny will be perfect. However, as long as I devour Zhuge Ya, I'll definitely incur the wrath of the Imperial Court, and they won't rest until I'm dead. This is something that can't be helped. The karma of fate, the cycle of tribulations, and the repetition of destiny aren't things that you can fully comprehend. Moreover, I've gathered thirty-six great stars, which are thirty-six Great Thousand Realms. It's definitely not easy to activate the power of these thirty-six Great Thousand Realms. I can't even activate all of them now, but if I devour Zhuge Ya, I'll be able to break through my destiny, and my cultivation will be greatly improved.

Moreover, it's not just me. That mysterious and unfathomable Master of the Human Realm will also have to devour Wen Hong in order to make himself complete, break through destiny, and reach an inconceivable realm. "

Xu Daoyi lowered his head and said, "Zhuge Ya isn't very strong. According to my observations, even though he's entered the Heaven Origin Realm, he only has two Great Thousand Realms at most, which is the power of two Yuans. Even if he devours them, he won't be able to increase his strength by much."

"This isn't an increase in strength, but some sort of breakthrough in destiny. If I don't devour him, I'll feel like there's a fishbone stuck in my throat and a thorn in my back. If I get rid of him, I'll be able to immediately," Xu Ziyu said.

"However, we really do need to plan this well. Furthermore, our Xu Clan will take advantage of the collapse of the Heaven Realm to seize some benefits.

In the future, the Heaven Realm will condense into the Human Realm, the Demon Realm, the Devil Realm, the Immortal Realm, and the God Realm. However, I'll need to quickly seize a large amount of land and land, and then turn all the Great Thousand Realms into my own life world. This is also the reason why I must refine Zhuge Ya. As long as I refine Zhuge Ya, I'll be able to use him as a medicinal primer to completely condense all the Great Thousand Realms into my own world. At that time, I'll be able to devour a large amount of the Heaven Realm's land and create my own Void World. This Void World will be even larger than the Human Realm, Demon Realm, Devil Realm, God Realm, and Immortal Realm. "

"I am extremely impressed by Family Head's lofty aspirations. Our Xu Family must also become a world of our own. At the very least, we must do so. Only then can we not have to submit to the expressions of the various powers, and gradually rule over the 10,000 worlds. As for Family Head, you will replace the Heavenly Emperor and become the new ruler," Xu Daoyi said respectfully.

"These things are still too far in the future. Go gather all the various experts in the clan and have them gather together to condense a formation. Convert all the sacrificial power into the formation's source, and then condense it into the Void Transcendent All-Energy-Gathering, Heaven-Fusing, and Dao-transforming Grand Formation that I've created. This formation can also dissolve the sacrificial power and extract an undying substance that surpasses the Heavenly Daos. Although this undying substance is inferior to Gu Chensha's dragon rune essence, it can still be of great use," Xu Ziyu said. At this time, Xu Daoyi asked, "Clan Head, there's still one thing I don't quite understand." "Speak." Xu Ziyu seemed to really want to nurture this person.

"A substance that surpasses the Heavenly Daos is called undying. What exactly is it? What is its nature? Undying is undying. What's the difference? Why is there a difference?

Also, why is it that the imperial court can extract undying substances from the sacrificial power, while the other aristocratic clans can't? Clan Head, why are you able to gain enlightenment of this realm? "Xu Daoyi asked a series of questions.

"That's a good question," Ye Zichen said with a smile.

Xu Ziyu nodded. "Any substance under the Heavenly Daos will decay. Even true gods will eventually run out of lifespan. The ancient creatures born from primal-chaos are called Celestial Longevity. In other words, their lifespan is the same as the heavens. However, if the Heavenly Daos are destroyed, the ancient creatures will collapse as well. Only when the world collapses and the Heavenly Daos are destroyed will they remain undying.

Of course, although undying substances have already surpassed the Heavenly Daos, they are still divided into different levels. In my opinion, undying substances can be divided into many levels. For example, minor undying is the undying of the individual. Next is the intermediate undying, which is the undying of the people close to the individual. After that is the grand undying, which is the undying of an entire nation. After that is the true undying, which is the undying of an entire world, just like the Heavenly Court.

In the future, everyone in the Heavenly Court will be undying and indestructible, as long as they live in the Heavenly Court. That is the undying of an entire world, which is the true undying.

After reaching the true undying level, one's abilities will reach the heavens, and they will be omnipotent.

However, that is still not the highest level. The highest level is the undying of all living things that Gu Chensha is pursuing. Between heaven and earth, all living things can be undying. The power that I can extract from the power of human sacrifice is only that of minor undying.

As for Gu Chensha, he has already comprehended the secrets of true undying. He can extract true undying substances from human sacrifice. You have probably seen it for yourself. He gathered the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds together, forming a nation that is even larger than the Heavenly Court. He also refined the systems and battleships left behind by the prehistoric civilization. Actually, if he could simplify things a bit, he could definitely create a power that would not lose to the Heavenly Court. In fact, in the future, he might even be able to stand up to the Heavenly Court.

However, his goal is too great. He is pursuing the highest level of undying. The undying of all living things is a matter of life and death. "

"Patriarch, your words have enlightened me." Xu Dao nodded. "Minor undying, the undying of one person, the intermediate undying, and the undying of a family. Grand undying, the undying of a nation. True undying, the undying of an entire world. Undying of all living things is the highest level. But can it really be achieved? Even the future Heavenly Court will only be true undying. "

"This is where Gu Chensha is amazing. He doesn't care about the structure of the future Heavenly Court at all. Look at his current methods of governance. They aren't like the future Heavenly Court at all. In fact, if he did govern according to the future Heavenly Court's model, perhaps the position of Emperor Heaven would have been handed to him."

Xu Ziyu said, "Go now. My Void Transcendent All-Energy-Gathering Heaven-Fusing Dao-Transforming Grand Formation might not be able to deal with Gu Chensha, but it should be easy to deal with the other existences in the court."

"Patriarch, this ceremony is a great opportunity for our family to rise to prominence. We will definitely do a good job." Xu Dao flickered, then vanished. At this time, the entire court was in full operation.

In one of the departments, a youth was holding a meeting with his subordinates. This department was responsible for monitoring the reincarnations of the Astral Bodies and the reincarnations of the Infinity Treasure. The person in charge of this department was Zhang Ziran.

He had joined the Imperial Court because he had made great contributions. He was the reincarnation of the Endless Flame, and he had given the Endless Flame to the Imperial Court. The Imperial Court had put him in charge of doing great things, and he had worked diligently and had never made a mistake. As a result, he gradually climbed to the top, gathered a large group of subordinates, and made many contributions to the Imperial Court.

"Boss, what should we do this time? The higher-ups have ordered us to prepare for the ceremony, "said one of Zhang Ziran's subordinates.

"This ceremony is no small matter. We definitely have to make careful preparations. We can't afford to make any mistakes. Our department is responsible for monitoring the actions of the reincarnations of the Astral Bodies. Every single one of them is extremely powerful.

We can't slack off. Everyone, stay alert. According to my calculations, there might even be a huge phenomenon during the ceremony. In addition, the reincarnations of the Astral Bodies will definitely come to cause trouble, "said Zhang Ziran.

"Boss, the reincarnations of the Astral Bodies are all at least at the Celestial Sovereign realm, and there are many at the Heaven Longevity realm as well. There are even more powerful Heaven Primal experts. If they all come at once, we won't be able to stop them. Even if it was a Sky Origin expert, we wouldn't be a match for him. "Another subordinate said.

"I'll ask the higher-ups for reinforcements," said Zhang Ziran.

Zhang Ziran said, "However, we are now part of the imperial court. Even if we encounter great difficulties, we must risk our lives to complete the mission given by the imperial court. This ceremony is the key point for the imperial court. If we succeed, the hearts of the people will be united, and the entire country will welcome true immortality." "That's right!" At this time, a person appeared. Zhang Ziran's subordinates stood up. "Greetings, Vice-Pavilion Lord." It was actually Wen Hong. He was currently the Dragonless Cabinet's Vice-Pavilion Lord, as well as one of its ministers.