Chapter 603
===========

Gu Chensha was very clear about the mind of this Longevity God. Although this god was mysterious, compared to the Martial Emperor, he was still far behind.

The Martial Emperor was a "divergent" with great talent and bold vision, but he was still fooled by Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao. In the end, even his heart was refined and became the biggest catalyst for the Common People's Will sphere to transform from a small world to a medium-sized world.

Since ancient times, divergent figures had always been tyrannical, not to mention a person like the Martial Emperor, who had great luck.

No matter how powerful Longevity God was, he was just a rogue cultivator, how could he be compared with a divergent figure?

Of course, the "Wan Senshi" behind Longevity God was a mysterious existence. Gu Chensha had obtained so many ancient memories, but this character did not exist.

Then, the only explanation was that another ancient ancestor, one of the three Heavenly Venerables, had come into being and changed his name to "Wan Senshi".

Gu Chensha wanted to use Longevity God as a breakthrough point to once again use his own means to explore the mystery of the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals.

In his opinion, this Union of Ten Thousand Immortals would be the biggest enemy of Calming Immortal Department in the future.

Not to mention that many influential families had joined in, the Nine Swords Mystical Gate, Red Heaven Mystical Sect, and even the Black Heaven Earth Mystical Sect might have also joined in. With so many forces added together, they would definitely be a giant existence.

The reason why Longevity God came here was firstly to observe the changes in the imperial court and the world, secondly to look for his own opportunity, and thirdly, to find and recruit talents.

Now, the "Ghost Cry" that Gu Chensha had transformed into was a cultivator of the Nine Transformations Dao Realm, and he also had a fortuitous encounter. In the future, he would definitely be able to cultivate to the Ten Transformations Dao Realm, which was a rare talent for any sect.

Even among the 72 Mystical Gates of the Immortal Path, there were absolutely not many people who could cultivate to the Nine Transformations Dao Realm.

Thinking about it, even in the imperial court, none of the Governors had reached the Nine Transformations Dao Realm.

"I also don't want to join Calming Immortal Department. After all, our Five Ghosts Sect was destroyed by the imperial court a long time ago. If I join, even if Calming Immortal Department accepts me, they may always check on me. How could there be any freedom? "Gu Chensha followed Longevity God's meaning and said.

"Hahahaha …" Longevity God laughed: "That's right, brother's idea is good.

"We've talked for so long, but I still haven't asked for your name." Gu Chensha started asking for his name.

"My name is Hong Wulu, a rogue cultivator of no sect.

Longevity God cupped his hands. During this conversation, he had been secretly observing Gu Chensha and discovered that this' Ghost Weep 'had great potential, so he wanted to take him under his command.

Gu Chensha was actually secretly circulating immortal dao astral energy inside his body, giving Longevity God a feeling that he had a fortuitous encounter.

"Gu Chensha" Gu Wulu had secretly used used, giving of Immortal Dao. "Chen" Qi. "Immortal" God "Wu" with. with. "God". "Wu God"., "of to" of God. "

The three ancient gods, Fu, Lu, and Shou, were one in the first place. Fu represented having many children and grandchildren, peace and harmony, being free of diseases and disasters, and having a carefree mind, etc.

"Wu" represented "high position" and "unspeakably noble". As for longevity, it was needless to say. If one had all three, they would have great power. Longevity God obtained the ancient God of Fortune and Longevity God's orthodoxy. The only thing he lacked was God of Fortune. Therefore, he changed his name to "Wu Lu", which was also a painstaking effort.

"Wu God" represented an official position.

"Wu God's orthodoxy should be in the Central Divine Region and had not appeared yet."

Now that the demon calamity had erupted, countless ancient treasures had appeared, and this god's orthodoxy was about to appear. This orthodoxy was extremely important to Longevity God.

If he obtained all three orthodoxies, he could use these three powers to reverse some kind of fate, allowing him to break through his limits and reach the "Sage" realm.

Putting everything else aside, if he obtained the orthodoxy, his battle prowess would increase by more than a few times.

"Fortune, Wu, and Longevity Gods represent the pinnacle of glory in the mortal world. Very few people can have both, let alone all three."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, The orthodoxy of these three ancient true gods is not to be underestimated. Even though Jiang Gongwang has a close relationship with the three gods, it's a pity that he doesn't know much about the core secrets of the three gods. Rumor has it that the three gods control some kind of fate line in the world.

Gu Chensha thought, If I keep my eyes on this Fortune and Longevity God, I will be able to find the secret of Immortal Teacher Wan, and I will be able to obtain the supreme orthodoxy of Fortune, Prosperity, and Longevity Gods.

Gu Chensha's current cultivation was just a little bit away from comprehending the Path of Divergence.

He had obtained all the secrets of becoming a Martial Emperor, as well as Chang Weiyang's Path of Divergence. He had even taken the Heaven-Defying Divergence Pill that even Wu Dangkong didn't dare to take. Moreover, he had comprehended it himself, so he could break through the Path of Divergence at any time. This time, he came to the common people to search for the last chance.

With the eruption of the fiend calamity, the people of the Divine Central Continent had all sorts of fortuitous encounters. Perhaps he himself would find some chance. It was the same every time a fiend calamity broke out. The Central Divine Prefecture was a crucial center, and it contained countless secrets.

If not for the many fortuitous encounters, it would have been impossible for humans to resist the fiend calamity in the past.

And this time, it might be the biggest tribulation in history, and the eruption of fortuitous encounters was definitely the biggest in history. Many old antiques had set their eyes on this place, hoping to find their chance to break through a realm that they could never break through.

"We're not in a hurry to kill the fiends."

Longevity God's incarnation of Hong Wulu said, "Our top priority is to find a chance, as well as to recruit a few friends to form a force. That way, we can join forces and seek refuge with the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals." "That's true."

Gu Chensha stared at Longevity God. "Since Brother Wulu said so, then you must know where your chance is, right?" "Since it's a chance, then it's up to luck. How would I know? It's just that there are some clues, "Longevity God said.

"Hehehe …"

At this moment, a stream of Demon Energy circled in the sky and suddenly descended. In the Demon Energy cloud, a large hand appeared. This large hand was the transformation of the fiend, and it grabbed at the cultivators below.

"Not good!

This is a fiend who has cultivated the twenty transformations of the Dao Realm, the Gathering and Dispersing Magical Power Realm! "Many cultivators shouted.

Among the cultivators present, there was no lack of experts, but how strong was a fiend who had cultivated magical power?

Such a realm, even among the ancient seventy-two mysterious sects, he was an absolute expert, an Elder level figure.

Gu Chensha's body trembled. This was a deliberate act. Then, an energy shield appeared on his body. It was purplish-green in color, and it was made of many runes. They rotated around each other and had a great protective power.

"Hmm?"

God Fushilous Longevity saw all of this. "Ghost Weep is a cultivator in the Nine Transformations of the Dao Realm, but his empyrean energy of the immortal dao is so powerful. If I'm not mistaken, it's an energy art from ancient times known as the Violet-Green Grand Immortal Magic. It's a very mysterious art. Could it be that he obtained Venerable Purple Green's orthodoxy? "

In ancient times, there was an immortal called Venerable Purple Green who created the Purple Green Immortal Sect.

Although this sect was not one of the ancient seventy-two mysterious sects, it was definitely not weaker than the current Chaos Calming Sect. However, because it was too powerful, it was envied by the seventy-two mysterious sects, and in the end, it collapsed. Longevity God had some memories of this history. In his mind, Ghost Weep was much more valuable than before.

"Evil creature, you're courting death!" At that moment, a young man shouted from among the cultivators.

He wore a feather robe and had a crown of stars. He looked very elegant, and when he saw the devil hand coming toward him, he snorted coldly and shone with bright light.

The glittering stars transformed into a river of stars that surged upward, wrapping around the Gargoyle. Then a Gargoyle emerged from within the devilish cloud. It wanted to flee, but the river of stars crushed it, causing it to let out a miserable shriek. In the end, it transformed into a fist-sized sphere of stars that slowly descended. Within the sphere of stars, the image of the Gargoyle could be seen. The Gargoyle struggled within the sphere of stars, unable to flee at all.

"That's Ling Shaofei. He really hid it well. I can't believe he's the reincarnation of Xing Chen and has the profundities of the stars."

"This kid is a famous rogue cultivator in the dao of immortals. I can't believe he got such good fortune!"

"He can actually seal a monster above the twentieth transformation in one move? Just how strong is he? A few thousand years ago, this kid was just a golden core expert. "

"He hasn't established his own sect and is a loner. He hides himself and doesn't join any large sects. With his current strength, he will be highly valued no matter which sect he joins. " Many cultivators recognized this young man.

"It's him?

This kid's star profundities have completely fused with his primordial spirit. No one can take it away. If I'm not wrong, his star profundities are spirit star and flying star.

Of these two great stars, the Spirit Star was named after the spirit. It was extremely intelligent and had profound wisdom. According to ancient records, if someone absorbed the light of the Spirit Star and gathered it in their body, they would be able to increase their wisdom. This was the so-called Flash of Divine Light. As for the Flying Star, it was even more mysterious. Even if a normal person obtained the support of this light, they would be able to fly in the sky. This light could counteract the attraction of the earth's core. In ancient times, there were immortals who used this starlight to refine pills.

Of course, ascending means that a person can't control themselves and fly into the sky. In the end, they will be crushed by the wind and die. " Gu Chensha had a deep understanding of the characteristics of the billions of stars in the world. Spirit star, flying star.

These two great stars were no small matter. They were only slightly weaker than the Myrtle Imperial Star.

Spirit star and flying star actually appeared on one person. This person was probably on par with Jing Qiu, who had obtained the Myrtle Imperial Star.