Chapter 347
===========

"Your Highness, Concubine Ming, you should know what I'm about to say."

Zhuge Ya wasn't affected by Wu Dangkong's expression in the slightest. He continued calmly, "Could it be that Your Highness really believes there's anything in the world that can be hidden from the Lord of Seven Stars?

It makes sense. The Lord of Seven Stars appeared in ancient times, and Jiang Gongwang assisted many ancient Sons of Heaven. Since then, he hasn't appeared again. It's only natural that the world doesn't know how powerful he is. "

"I don't want to bicker with you, Sir. Sir, please explain your intentions." Wu Dangkong calmed down.

"I have a good fortune to give you, Your Highness," said Zhuge Ya.

"What good fortune?"

"It's simple. I know that Your Highness needs large amounts of souls, flesh, and blood. As long as you have that, you can obtain something that even Saints can't."

Zhuge Ya revealed a few secrets. "Apart from that, Your Highness seems to need large amounts of Son of Heaven's Aura. In other words, an imperial edict." "Go on." Wu Dangkong grew more and more alarmed, but there was nothing he could do.

"His Majesty is in seclusion, so there's no way to obtain an imperial edict."

Zhuge Ya continued, "However, there's another dynasty that controls hundreds of millions of people. After many years of accumulation, their Son of Heaven's Aura surpasses even that of the Great Yong Dynasty. If you can obtain that dynasty's imperial edict, Your Highness can increase your strength to an extremely powerful level."

Zhuge Ya was right. The Great Wei Dynasty's national strength truly surpassed the current Great Yongchō. First, the divine continent had been in chaos for many years, and the population had plummeted.

It wasn't until twenty-one years ago that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor appeared out of nowhere and gave the people peace and a chance to recuperate. Although the nation's strength had been growing day by day, it hadn't been for long.

Second, the Great Wei Dynasty's Black Yellow Dragon Emperor had ruled for thousands of years. Not only did he expand his territory, but he also produced many talented people. There were basically no rebellions.

The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor was a Saint-level expert. With him as emperor, who could possibly rebel?

This was different from the Great Emperor of the Divine Continent. Because of various factors, demons, immortals, and gods all had their own representatives, it was impossible for a monstrous dynasty to emerge. This was also fate.

Thousands of years ago, the Martial Emperor was the one with the highest chance of success. Unfortunately, he also encountered the Devil Calamity. The barbarians invaded, and demons wreaked havoc in the world. The Celestial Dao hindered him and supported the common people to rebel. In the end, the Divine Prefecture was turned upside down, and the common people fell into dire straits.

On the other hand, the Great Wei Dynasty outside of China did not have all these messy matters. Thousands of years of accumulation naturally far exceeded the 21 years of accumulation of Yongchō.

However, as long as the Yongchō Dynasty continued to develop steadily, after a hundred years, the Yongchō Dynasty would expand into the Wilderness and suppress the Immortal Dao, instantly surpassing the Great Might Dynasty by countless times.

Actually, with the development of the Calming Immortal Agency, over a thousand second and third rate immortal sects had submitted to them, and they had paid taxes, causing the country's financial resources to increase by tens of times.

Now that the country was rich in resources, a large number of people were born every year, and the luck was increasing day by day.

"What do you think?" Wu Dangkong pondered. She also wanted to improve her strength.

"Naturally, I have a way to help you obtain some Heavenly Dragon Spirit Assembling Flags and obtain the Emperor's Energy."

Zhuge Ya said, "That Black Yellow Dragon Emperor is powerful, but his talent is below mine. I can know everything he thinks, but he is a Sage, after all. I have not achieved my full potential, so I need your help." "It seems like you know everything about me." Wu Dangkong sighed.

"It's just the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. This talisman will definitely descend upon you. This is the Emperor's plan."

Zhuge Ya revealed his secret, "Your Highness, I advise you not to go against the Emperor, and not to stir up chaos in the world. There is no meaning to it. Who knows, sooner or later, the throne of the Emperor will be yours. The Emperor doesn't care much about this position. He has laid the foundation, and as long as the successor is loyal to the people, he can inherit the throne."

"I don't want to hear so much nonsense. Just tell me. If you help me obtain a large amount of Emperor's Energy, what do you need?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"I need to use your Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman to obtain the Emperor's Energy and carry out the Great Festival of the Hundred Realms." Zhuge Ya raised this condition.

"The Great Festival of the Hundred Realms. You need to borrow the power of the Heavenly Dao to communicate with the origins of a hundred realms. This will consume a lot of Emperor's Energy." Wu Dangkong frowned.

"It doesn't matter. The Emperor's Energy comes from the Great Wei Dynasty. It has nothing to do with you. You get your part, and I get mine. We don't interfere with each other," Zhuge Ya said.

"Alright, I know you have mysterious abilities. I'll work with you." Wu Dangkong and Zhuge Ya clapped their hands and swore.

"I know the movements of the Great Wei Dynasty like the back of my hand."

Zhuge Ya and Wu Dangkong left the palace and flew towards the west. "If someone at the Nine Changes of Dao Realm wants to head from the Divine Land to the Great Wei Dynasty, they will need to fly for decades. But we don't need to." As he spoke, he slashed with his palm. Instantly, cracks appeared in the air.

He and Wudang Kong dove into it, and then the crack disappeared. In the next moment, they appeared on the vast ocean. However, they were not in any of the overseas countries. Far away, a huge continent appeared on the horizon.

On the continent, there were cities and ports. Huge fleets sailed on the ocean. People were like ants, and there were even people flying in the air. Those were experts who had cultivated Xiantian Energy. The continent was in the midst of construction.

"So, this continent is called the Evil Spirit Continent."

Zhuge Ya pointed at the wantonly construction on the mainland. "Originally, the mainland was filled with dead spirits. Evil winds blew everywhere, and ghosts roamed about. Since ancient times, it has been deserted. The Evil Spirit Qi gathered more and more, and some ghostly kings were born. However, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor had his eyes on this mainland and wanted to use it as a springboard to invade the divine continent. Therefore, he used his boundless spiritual power to bind the Evil Spirit Qi on this island underground and turned it into a magical treasure." "How big is this continent?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"About half the size of the Divine Land. It's very vast."

Zhuge Ya seemed to have everything planned out. "In order to control this land of evil spirits, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor digested the evil spirits that had gathered since ancient times and converted them into power. He used one of the 108 Mysterious Yellow Pagodas to suppress the center of the continent and absorb all the Evil Spirit Qi. He slowly absorbed and converted it, and then used this power to open the teleportation portal, allowing an endless stream of armies and adventurers to come here to build."

"This continent is indeed a dangerous place. It's shaped like the mouth of an evil spirit. Since ancient times, it has been able to continuously gather the evil spirits in the surrounding ocean, as well as the resentment and evil power of the dead, and bind it to the continent, making it uninhabitable. It has become a land of ghosts." Wu Dangkong had also seen some clues.

"We're going to the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda in the center of the continent now."

Zhuge Ya revealed his plan. "Not to mention the many Heavenly Dragon Spirit Gathering Flags around it, the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda itself is equivalent to the Nine Cauldrons. It's a treasure that stabilizes the fate of a nation. It has been nourished for many years, and the Emperor's Qi it contains is extremely shocking."

"If we go to worship like this, I'm afraid we'll alarm the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. A sage-level expert will probably kill us." Wu Dangkong still did not trust Zhuge Ya so easily. "I've calculated that the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor will be fighting against the restraints of the unification of the path for a period of time.

He won't be able to divert his attention at all. Sage-level experts are not free and unfettered. The longer they cultivate, the more they have to resist the attraction of the Heavenly Dao. They have to transform themselves into a part of a certain rule. They can't exist forever in the world, unless they surpass the 36 Transformations and jump out of the three realms. "A smile appeared on Zhuge Ya's face." The ancient Martial Sages of your Wu family were the same. " "I see."

Wu Dangkong still could not pry into some of the secrets of gods and sages. She looked at Zhuge Ya and sighed in her heart. "If this person could be used by me, I wouldn't have to worry about not succeeding.

If he can't be used by me, I'll just kill him. It's a pity that he can't be killed at all. He's even crazier than Fa Wuxian. "

"Let's head in." Zhuge Ya and Wu Dangkong hid themselves and flew directly into the center of the land. Indeed, deep in the center, a tall pagoda appeared.

This pagoda towered into the clouds. Streams of Heaven and Earth Qi hung down and seeped into the ground. Countless Heavenly Dragon Spirit Gathering Flags floated around the pagoda. And deep underground, where the pagoda was suppressing, countless wraiths were wailing.

This was the evil spirit Qi that the entire land had accumulated for countless years. If not for the Heaven and Earth Pagoda absorbing and suppressing it, the entire land would have been covered in a gray haze. Evil winds howled angrily, and ghostly shadows were everywhere.

"Do we act now? There doesn't seem to be an expert here? "Wu Dangkong asked.

"No, there are experts hiding here. There's someone at the 20th Transformation of Venerable Dao Realm."

Zhuge Ya said, "This person is called Gu Piaoling. She's a woman. I don't want to kill her, so we have to wait." "I didn't expect you to be so protective of women," Wu Dangkong said.

"That's not true. This woman doesn't have any evil deeds. Besides, she has some luck that corresponds to the stars in the sky."

Zhuge Ya waved his hand. "Moreover, the will of the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor is still here. If we act, we'll probably die." "If the will of the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor is not here, how can I perform the sacrifice?

Take the Heaven and Earth Dragon Spirit Gathering Flags and the Black Yellow Pagoda? "Wu Dangkong asked.

"That won't be necessary. I have a secret art that can instantly extract all of the emperor's energy from the Heaven and Earth Dragon Spirit Gathering Flags. When the time comes, the emperor's energy will be in my hands. I'll give you half of it, and I'll sacrifice the other half. How about that?" Zhuge Ya always had a card up his sleeve.

"You have a secret art like that?" Wu Dangkong was shocked. He wanted to kill him.

"The ancient Lord of Seven Star was originally there to help the Son of Heaven reconcile the energy of the people. This is something unique to me. Even if the ancient Son of Heaven obtained the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, the matter of the sacrifice to the heavens and ascension to godhood was still left to the Lord of Seven Star.

Zhuge Ya gazed deeply at Wu Dang Kong. "Put away your petty schemes. If I wanted to fight, you wouldn't be a match for me. I know all of your little secrets. Back then, the Lord of Seven Stars had studied the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman countless times. He knew even more about it than Emperor Gu. He passed a portion of Jiang Gongwang's memories to me. If you can receive my guidance, you'll be able to quickly grasp this Dao.

Also, don't think you're fated. Think about it. The ancient emperor's talent was that he was born a saint. That's how he obtained the decree. But you're an unparalleled genius. You don't have the right to obtain it. Don't you think it's strange? " "What's the reason?" Wu Dangkong suddenly came to his senses.