Chapter 422
===========

"Xing Qiong Family? Xing Qiong Family? " Gu Chensha called out. But no matter how he called, there was no response. This was unexpected. "Could it be? Xing Qiong Family broke free? Impossible, the jade mountain is still here and there are no signs of it? How did it break free? " Thinking about how things might have gotten out of his control, he started to worry.

"Common People's Mysterious Technique!" Gu Chensha started to circulate his Mysterious Technique and headed downwards.

After a full hour, he finally reached the deepest part of the trench. He found that the dark jade mountain still covered all the trenches, and there was still no movement below. No one knew what was being suppressed below the jade mountain. Xing Qiong Family's aura had disappeared.

Originally, Gu Chensha could feel the endless vengeful energy suppressed below the mountain. But now, the vengeful energy had totally disappeared and there was basically no feedback. All the signs showed that Xing Qiong Family was no longer below the mountain.

"Did the Xing Qiong Clan really manage to break free? Did he trick me as well?

But if that is the case, then I am not surprised. If he came to an agreement with me so easily and needed me to save him, then he wouldn't be the top ferocious person in the divine continent. "Gu Chensha guessed.

He searched once more and used all sorts of methods but it was to no avail. He was unable to find any traces of Xing Qiong Family.

If Xing Qiong Family wanted to break free, he would definitely come to communicate with him. Now that he was motionless and silent, it was really weird. Fortunately, Gu Chensha could use the Constancy to deal with all changes.

Since Xing Qiong Family had broken free, then Gu Chensha could take the jade mountain here and use it as a base to craft puppets.

This jade mountain was crafted by many ancient emperors and three Sky Venerables. The mysterious energy contained within was unfathomable.

In the past, Gu Chensha didn't feel that the jade was amazing. Now that his cultivation had improved, at least his eyes were comparable to some old antiques. His understanding of the jade was much better than before and he knew that this small ball of jade was comparable to the top crafting materials in the celestial path. However, there probably wasn't any flame in the world that could melt this jade. Apart from the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art's Jade Transformation Talisman.

Moreover, the jade stone here had suppressed the Xing Qiong Clan for a long time, tempered by its fiendish energy, becoming even sturdier and more profound, almost becoming one with good and evil. Even with Gu Chensha's current cultivation, he could only spend it piece by piece. Otherwise, with Gu Chensha's current cultivation base, he could directly move a hundred mountains.

A mountain was something he could refine with a flip of his hand, using his own alchemic flame to turn it into lava and then reforge it.

However, when he activated the Jade Transformation Talisman, he was only able to grab a very small piece of the jade mountain.

Gu Chensha rose from the bottom of the sea and stood on top of the jade mountain. Once again, he used the talisman and slammed it down. Immediately, a head-sized piece of jade fell off. Then he used his own mystic arts to carve, condense, and put layers of formations inside.

After the Jade Transformation Talisman melted the jade stone, the talisman's ability could be continuously activated to turn the jade stone into something similar to jade liquid. It could be molded at will and then solidified again, but it was still indestructible.

Only the Jade Transformation Talisman of the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Technique could possess such power.

After the head-sized jade stone turned into jade liquid, it continued to swirl. Under the immense power of Gu Chensha's alchemic flame, it finally took on the shape of a human.

This human figure wore a battle robe and wielded a three-pointed, double-edged blade. There was a vertical eye on its forehead. This was the image of the Common Life General.

Right now, Gu Chensha's cultivation base was already at the full circle. He was already extremely strong to begin with, and with the help of the Universe Thunder Pool, his physical body was tempered and made up for all his shortcomings. Not only was his fighting strength and alchemic flame much purer, but his body was no longer just filled with the power of 108 Golden Cores. Now, there were hundreds and even thousands of them.

This was because he had already opened up many of the small acupoints in his body and was absorbing immortal qi.

These changes meant that he no longer needed to absorb the jade liquid to strengthen his body. Therefore, the jade liquid was of no use to him for the time being.

When a cultivator's cultivation was unable to increase, to increase their fighting strength, they would refine puppets. Gu Chensha was the same.

That day when the Heaven Demon Tree advanced, not only did it absorb the core remnants of Buzhou Palace and Dragon Sect, but it also swallowed all 360 Common Life God Generals. Now, Gu Chensha could only refine the Common Life God General.

Using the jade stone that sealed the Xingqiong Family as the foundation, the Common Life God General that was refined was even stronger than the original one. Not long after, a foot-tall Mortal Life Divine General condensed into its embryonic form.

This Common Life God General actually had two faces. The front face was one that was compassionate and compassionate, while the back face was one that was determined to change everything.

This showed the difference between the Common People Heaven Mending Technique and the Common People Heaven Reforming Technique. Just like that, the Common Life God General was formed.

The newly refined Common Life God General had two faces. Although it was a foot-tall person, its body gave off a supreme aura that could look down on heaven and earth. Moreover, when it waved its hand, large amounts of celestial energy gathered on its body.

"Very good, perfect."

Gu Chensha was really satisfied with his work. The strongest part of this Common Life God General was that it carried the vengeful energy of the Xingqiong Family.

This was because the jade stone was used to suppress the Xingqiong Family for a long time. As time passed, it was tainted with the vengeful energy. This vengeful energy terrified even Gods and Saints. It also had a really strong mental suppression.

After this Common Life God General was refined, there was no movement below. It seemed like the Xingqiong Family had really left.

Gu Chensha didn't stop and continued to refine. He smashed down a head-sized talisman to refine the Common Life God General. The first Common People's God General also released its power to help him refine it. Just like that, it was much quicker. Then, the second Common Life God General was successfully refined. Gu Chensha smashed down a third jade stone. Pi li pa la!

Three days and three nights passed. Three hundred and sixty mortal generals floated around Gu Chensha's body. Each of them was a small person about a foot tall, but each of them had a supreme aura and might that could tear apart the heavens and earth and dominate the heavens.

Very few people could resist the power of these auras when they gathered together and swept across the area.

The amazing thing about these Common Life God Generals was that their bodies were tough and almost indestructible. This was because their raw materials were jade stones that even Saints couldn't destroy. Only the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique's Jade Transformation Talisman could destroy them.

"360 Common Life God Generals aren't enough. I need to refine more."

Gu Chensha knew that although these 360 Common Life God Generals were refined and could help him increase his power, the combined power of these Common Life God Generals could only trap someone like the Skull Black Demon Emperor who had 23 Transformations "Past Reflection". It would be very difficult to kill him.

The Skull Black Demon Emperor's magic power was only at the Minute Dust Technique. It didn't even reach the Solid Rock Technique.

The main reason was that the Common Life God Generals had just been refined and hadn't accumulated enough power.

After any magic treasure was successfully refined, it needed a long time to brew, nourish, and nurture before it could reach the Great Perfection Realm. In the Space Lightning Pool, Tai Xuan Du and Chang Weiyang saw this scene.

"This jade stone is really one of the best refining materials in the world. It's almost connate. Unfortunately, even we can't refine it. Only the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique's Jade Transformation Talisman can refine it." Chang Weiyang observed everything that Gu Chensha did.

"The Xing Qiong family is actually gone. This is bad news."

Tai Xuan Du's expression was very ugly. "I'm afraid something big is going to happen. The great calamity is coming. This is bad news for the three Celestial Venerables, but for us, there won't be any peaceful days."

"That's right," Chang Weiyang said. "The Great Tribulation is coming, and we definitely can't just stay out of it. We are some of the people who stand at the peak of this world, and we are also implicated by great karma. In the future, we will be the first targets of the Great Tribulation."

Just like how when the world was in turmoil, the most eye-catching people were the Emperor, the Imperial Court, and the nobles. In the storm, these people would eventually fall. Some commoners might live in seclusion somewhere and not get involved. As for Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan Du, it was impossible for them to avoid the calamity.

"It seems like this kid really knows the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique."

Chang Weiyang was full of admiration. "Although the technique he used to refine the puppet is still shallow, it seems to be very mysterious. After a long time, the puppet can really reach an extremely high realm and possess great destructive power."

"That's right. The material of this jade stone is amazing. Many ancient emperors worked together to seal the Xing Qiong family. It was also infected by the baleful energy, so it became even more amazing."

Tai Xuan Du had a thoughtful expression on his face. "Actually, we can share some of this jade stone." "Of course."

Chang Weiyang said, "This kid can't refine all of the jade mountains. They are hundreds of miles wide and 100,000 feet tall. If he continues like this, he won't be able to refine them for decades."

Gu Chensha worked for three days and three nights and only made 360 human-head-sized jade stones. Compared to a mountain, it wasn't even a drop in the ocean.

"I think he wants to refine 3,600 of these puppets. That should be enough."

Tai Xuan Du said, "But without the Xing Qiong family, it won't be so easy for this kid to deal with the three apes. I thought that he would reach some sort of agreement with the Xing Qiong family and then he would take the lead to deal with the three apes. But now that the Xing Qiong family isn't doing anything, are we supposed to do it?"