Chapter 986
===========

Jumping Off a Cliff Chapter 983 Jumping Off a Cliff In the center of Everlasting World, which used to be Sin Province, now Yongzhou. Within a small courtyard.

Fa Wuxian was still an ordinary person. Ever since his cultivation base was knocked down by Gu Chensha, he had never accepted it. His heart was filled with hatred and curses. Even though he had the opportunity to cultivate, because he did not want to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, he was unable to improve at all. With him were Jin Heavenly King Chu Feng, Celestial Master, and the others. Luckily, Everlasting World was now extremely safe. They could live on, grow old, and die.

Dying in Everlasting World didn't mean entering the cycle of reincarnation. One would just turn to dust and blend into the world, like withered leaves falling into the soil and becoming a part of it.

"The changes in the Human Realm are extremely great. I've heard that many people have obtained fortuitous encounters. If we can escape from Eternity and enter the Human Realm, we'll have a chance to make a comeback," said the Heavenly King of Jin, Chu Feng.

"That's right, we need to escape from this damned Eternal World and find an opportunity in the human world. I must cultivate a peerless divine technique again and destroy the Eternal World. I will make Gu Chensha beg for death." The hatred in Fa Wuxian's heart grew stronger and stronger.

"Everyone, we have no way to go to the human world." Celestial Master said, "We are too weak. Even a Dao Realm person can deal with us. To go to the human world, we have to cross time and space. We need to be at least God Realm. "

"The good thing is that the Everlasting Realm doesn't stop people from going to the mortal world. In these years, many experts from the Everlasting Realm have gone to the mortal world. Although some have fallen, there are also some who truly stood out and became tyrannical characters. I heard that the Hongling Sha who came out from the Everlasting Realm has already become a Daofather, an existence comparable to the Celestial Emperor." Heavenly King of the Gate of Jin said.

"We can be ancestors too." Fa Wuxian said, "Damn it, I have to find a way to go to the human world and leave Everlasting World." Rumble! At this moment, Everlasting World suddenly changed.

Waves of energy caused the Eternal World to expand, and the Eternal World's energy also became abundant. Suddenly, another person appeared in front of Fa Wuxian and the others.

This person was dressed in black and wore a black mask. He stared at these people and said, "Everyone, do you want to leave the Everlasting World and go to the Human World?" "Who are you?" Fa Wuxian said fiercely.

"No matter who I am, you only need to know that I am the enemy of Eternal World, I am the enemy of Gu Chensha."

The black-clothed man said, "I came here to take you to the Mortal Realm to search for your own fortune and Karmic Luck. All of you possess great Karmic Luck.

After entering the Mortal Realm, I'm sure I'll be able to obtain fortuitous encounters and cultivate once again to become one of the strongest experts. In the future, I'll be able to occupy a place in the vast world. "

"If you can save me from this abyss of suffering, I will definitely follow your lead." Fa Wuxian was excited.

"That's good. I took advantage of the change in the Eternal Realm to infiltrate it.

This is because Gu Chensha is transforming the Eternal World. He won't be able to detect me for the time being. "The black-clothed man said," If it wasn't for this opportunity, I wouldn't have been able to infiltrate and save you.

Alright, no more words. Follow me. After entering the Human World, you'll be able to soar freely in the vast sky and swim freely in the vast sea. " "We'll listen to you."

Fa Wuxian and the others knew that this was a good opportunity. Even if the black-clothed man wanted to kill them, it would be better than slowly withering away in the Eternal World.

"Alright, let's go."

The black-clothed man waved his sleeves. Suddenly, a wave of power enveloped everyone. Their bodies flew up and left the Eternal World. In the next moment, they arrived in the Human World.

"You can open your eyes now."

After a while, the black-clothed masked man waved his sleeve, and all the people inside came out. At this time, everyone saw that they were already in the human world. They were on top of a high cliff, and the bottom of the cliff seemed to be bottomless. It was pitch-black, and there were faint sounds of wind and thunder shaking and roaring.

"What is this place?" Fa Wuxian asked.

"This is the Human World, a place called the Treasure-snatching Rock. According to legend, as long as you jump down, you can get all kinds of magic weapons according to your fate."

The black-clothed man said, "However, if you are not fated to jump down, you are very likely to die. This is a wonderful place in the Human World. Some time ago, the Human World changed violently. In many places in the Human World, there are Treasure-snatching Rocks like this. Wave after wave of people jump off the cliff in an attempt to get a miracle. Now, are you willing to try?

However, I can tell you that those who don't have a fortuitous encounter will be buried in there. Basically, one in ten thousand people will have a fortuitous encounter. Of course, their fortuitous encounters also vary.

Now in the Human World, jumping off the cliff has become the norm. Some teenagers will jump off the cliff when they are unhappy. Many teenagers who jump off the cliff are likely to get a miracle. " "Now the atmosphere in the Human World is like this?"

Fa Wuxian's expression was a little strange. "Who created these Treasure-snatching Rocks? What is the most powerful magic weapon that has come out now?"

"As far as I know, the most powerful magic weapon in the Human World that has a miracle is a system called the Karma Merit System.

This system can accumulate karma and the power of merit, and then exchange for anything from the system. It is even more powerful than the God System of the prehistoric civilization. "

The black-clothed man said, "Now, the person who got the Karma Merit System has established a huge dynasty called the Tang Empire. Then, the person who ranked second got a miracle, which is a bell. This person established a dynasty called the Great Han Dynasty. In addition, there are many magic weapons and many empires.

Now the Human World is in complete chaos. The Son of Heaven's Empire chosen by the Emperor Heaven is called the Qi Country. But now it seems that it has no advantage. "

"Well, we must be people with great luck." Fa Wuxian was the first to nod. "I'd rather die than live the previous life." Bang! While they were talking, Fa Wuxian fell down. He jumped down on his own. His momentum was resolute, as if he would never come back.

The people next to him saw him jump down, but they didn't dare to move. They were waiting for him to come back up, or for the news of his death. After a day and a night, Fa Wuxian suddenly appeared.

Just like that, Fa Wuxian stood in the air. Behind him, rings of light appeared. Within the rings of light, there were countless suns, moons, and stars, as well as the shape of a world dragon. Then, the rings of light expanded, transforming into a set of clothes. This robe had unparalleled power and dominance.

"Hahaha, I really had a miracle. I fell into a space-time maze. Just as I was about to die, a precious robe suddenly flew over and enveloped me. This robe contains endless mysteries, including the mysteries of cultivation methods and Daos. This robe is called the Immortal Battle Robe.

It contains the power of immortality, and its quality is the seventh level of True Immortality. "Fa Wuxian's aura fluctuated, as if it was endless.

"Very good. This treasure is so powerful that it's almost comparable to the Divine Central Continent of yesteryear. In fact, it's even stronger.

But Fa Wuxian, it seems that your good fortune isn't limited to just this. You'll have even more in the future. "

"That's right," Fa Wuxian said. "I feel like my destiny hasn't run out yet. I'll still have a lot of good fortune to come across.

Haha, all of you can jump down, and you will definitely obtain countless benefits. Recovering your strength is a matter of an instant. For example, you, Immortal Master. Back then, your strength was only at the Heavenly Longevity Realm, but now, there are Heavenly Longevity Realm experts everywhere. If you jump down, you'll easily reach the Heaven Primal Realm. " "Is that so?"

The immortal lord said. "So you're saying that not only will we recover our strength in the blink of an eye, but we'll also be able to break through bottlenecks we couldn't before."

"Of course," Fa Wuxian said. "Hurry up and go down. We're all very lucky. We won't die. We'll just have some good fortune."

"I don't believe we'll die either." Immortal Lord, Heavenly King of Jin, Chu Feng, and the others closed their eyes and jumped down. In the blink of an eye, they all disappeared into the turbulence below.

After a long time, these people actually all floated up, all of them obtaining great fortuitous encounters.

"Hahaha, we really do have great fortunes. Look at me, I've obtained a door. "

A door appeared behind Heavenly King of Jin, Chu Feng. It was even larger than the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, and had a stronger aura. The deathless energy within it was actually at the sixth level, the Everlasting Deathless Realm.

Although it was a bit weaker than Fa Wuxian's level, it was still many times stronger than when he was at his peak. In the blink of an eye, he had been reborn. The others also appeared here one after another. Each of them had a fortuitous encounter.

"Hahaha, good, good. Since that's the case, follow me," the masked man said. "I'll be relying on you to do many things."

"Hahaha, I've obtained good fortune, enough to dominate the world. Why should I listen to your fate?" Fa Wuxian laughed maniacally. "Who are you? Do you want to deal with us? " "Fa Wuxian, it's true that you've obtained good fortune, but don't be so arrogant in front of me."

All of a sudden, the black-masked man unleashed a burst of power. Terrifying power erupted from behind him, condensing into a mutated essence.

"Variant Origin Source!"

Everyone was suppressed by this mutated source. Then, the masked man in black revealed his true appearance. It was Zhang Yiren, the son of Zhang Ziran.

He had been formed by Gu Chensha's sealing of the Ancient Dao Immortal's Variant Origin Source and his terrifying will. Zhang Yiren's cultivation base was gradually being developed.