Chapter 864
===========

One Second Remember 09, to provide you with exciting reading. Chapter 861: Creating a Celestial 'Not bad. Not bad.

The ruins of the prehistoric civilization are actually an enormous battleship, and it has a deathless aura to it. Heaven and earth are destroyed, but I'm not. The great dao is decaying, but I'm not.

No wonder it was the crystallization of the previous civilization. 'Gu Chensha looked at the battleship from a distance.

The battleship was crystalline, and filled with smoke and lightning. It didn't seem to have any aura of decay or destruction, but rather, it seemed to be brimming with vitality.

The immortal lord claimed to control the systems left behind by the prehistoric civilization, but from what Gu Chensha could tell, the immortal lord was only in the Heavenly Longevity Realm. How could he possibly control the systems of the previous civilization that could challenge the dao of heaven? The immortal lord was simply being controlled by the systems, and was nothing more than a pawn.

"These are the ruins of the prehistoric civilization, Gu Chensha," the immortal lord said from within the sealed crystal ball. "But I must warn you not to enter. If you do, you'll be trapped. The system of the One God is alive, not inanimate." "It seems you realize that you're nothing more than a pawn of the system.

If I hadn't helped you, then when the great calamity came, the System would have squeezed out your soul and flesh, turning you into a puppet-like existence. Even if you were at the Heaven Longevity Realm and were an ancient creature born from the primal chaos, you wouldn't be a match for the System. The might and terror of the System could even pose a great threat to the Celestial Emperor. It was destroyed in the previous civilization, but it didn't die. Now, with the help of some methods, it has begun to revive. "

Gu Chensha said, "The system's machinations are profound, and I discovered a lot of clues about it on you. Otherwise, I would have fallen for its ploy.

Because of the Celestial Designer Institution, it stole a lot of the destiny of our nation. No wonder I've always felt that the institution was up to no good. "

"What do you think you're doing, Gu Chensha?" The immortal lord had no idea what Gu Chensha was up to.

"This system has already awakened, becoming a terrifying and powerful existence. It has spread its fishing net, waiting for some people to walk right into it."

Gu Chensha continued, "Between the heavens and earth, there is already a fourth power. The first is the Emperor Of Heaven, the second is our Celestial Pacification Agency and Yongchō, the third is the Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, and the fourth is this massive system and battleship. [Zero ↑ Nine △ Small ↓ Say △ Net .09

It wants to revive the prehistoric civilization and once again shine with glory and brilliance, completing what the previous civilization failed to do. This is its biggest chance. If I fight to the death with the Emperor Of Heaven, it will be able to gain a huge advantage. If it succeeds in swallowing and digesting both the Emperor Of Heaven and me, it might really be able to turn the tables, replace the Heavenly Axiom, operate the rules, and expand to the limit. " As he spoke, Gu Chensha flew into the huge battleship amidst the chaos. This battleship did not seem to have any defenses, allowing Gu Chensha to enter freely. Weng …

When Gu Chensha flew into the battleship, he found that the heavens and earth were spinning, and he had entered a huge space. This space was silvery-white, and there were many huge pillars standing on the plaza. This plaza extended endlessly, until the end of time and space.

"This is the place. I often feel like I'm returning home." The Celestial Master seemed to have returned to a familiar home, but in reality, she had never been here before.

Gu Chensha looked around, "This is the interior of the prehistoric civilization ruins. It seems that the system has recovered a lot."

He casually grabbed, and suddenly, a silvery-white air current was caught in his hand, giving off a dazzling light, "This is the fate and fate of many worlds, gathered together. It seems that the system has cultivated many representatives in the space-time turbulence, and these representatives have unified the world, worshiping the system, believing that the system is the Heavenly Axiom. This way, the system will slowly recover. Other than that, the system has even penetrated into various remote places in the Heavenly Realm. It has also chosen a representative. Amazing! "

Gu Chensha could almost see through many things through the air current in the prehistoric civilization ruins. Beep beep beep beep …

As Gu Chensha spoke, an extremely vast will suddenly swept through the square. "Enemies have invaded the interior. Kill them. Kill them …"

The voice was very mechanical, and there was no emotion in it, but it was brewing something that could not be explained clearly. Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz …

The pillars in the plaza immediately shone brightly, and layers upon layers of human figures appeared.

These figures were all strong men, very well-proportioned, with balanced muscles. Their bodies were wrapped in a ball of light, which was green and purple in color, and there were 360 of them.

"Puppets, Celestial Venerable Energy!"

Patriarch Heaven and Earth, who was sealed in the crystal ball, was shocked when he saw that the puppets were all Celestial Venerables. These were puppets, and there were three hundred and sixty of them! 360 Celestial Venerables? This was simply terrifying to the extreme.

"Is this the power of the prehistoric civilization ruins?"

Gu Chensha looked at the 360 Celestial Venerable puppets in front of him, and his gaze suddenly became sharp.

Celestial Venerables were existences that had transcended certain restraints. Even the current Gu Chensha could not create Celestial Venerables on a large scale. The current Celestial Venerables in the Calmness Xian Department were Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, Chang Weiyang, Dou Yiyu, the King of Common People, and the Martial Sage.

The six of them were very lucky, and they had used the resources of the Calmness Xian Department to become Celestial Venerables with great difficulty.

Gu Chensha wanted to promote the General of Common People to Celestial Venerables, but it was still beyond his power. There were 360 Celestial Venerable-Level puppets in the prehistoric civilization ruins, and there would be more puppets of higher levels appearing in the future.

"However, these puppets don't have the power of a sacrifice. In other words, they only have the combat power of a Celestial Venerables. They can't produce their own sacrifices, so they're just empty shells." Gu Chensha could see through everything with a single glance.

To the current Gu Chensha, the combat power of Celestial Venerables wasn't the most important. In fact, it was negligible. This was because after Gu Chensha had devoured the Primeval Dragon Gate and refined the Dragonless Gourd, he could kill Celestial Venerables and Heavenly Longevity Realm antiques with a flick of his finger. However, the sacrifices of Celestial Venerables were a huge source of wealth to him. If he could have one more Celestial Venerables to sacrifice to him, he could extract immortal essence from the power of the sacrifice.

Right now, these 360 Celestial Venerables didn't mean much to him. Without the power of a sacrifice, they were just empty shells. However, he wouldn't let them go. These puppets contained the highest crystallization and wisdom of the prehistoric civilization. As long as he captured these 360 puppets and studied them, he could peek into the structure of the prehistoric civilization. Apart from that, he could also make the Common People Marshal ascend to the Celestial Venerables Realm. At that time, he would have more confidence in suppressing the Divine Prefecture.

"As expected of the prehistoric civilization ruins, existences that challenge the Heavenly Daos. Although the puppets created don't have the power of a sacrifice and aren't living beings, their combat power is still extremely terrifying.

They can sweep through any world. "Gu Chensha sighed in admiration. This was a power and manufacturing ability that even he didn't have. Hum …

360 Celestial Venerables appeared and suddenly rushed over. These Celestial Venerables formed a large formation that communicated with some of the power within the ruins. Instantly, a diagram was formed. This diagram was in the form of a six-pointed star that contained the six supreme principles of heaven and earth.

The six-pointed star diagram slowly descended. Gu Chensha felt a pressure as heavy as a mountain and as vast as the sea.

But he just smiled. "Let alone 360 Celestial Venerables, I don't even care about Celestial Longevity Realm puppets. Unless you send 360 Heaven Origin Realm puppets, I'll turn around and leave. However, this ruin doesn't have that kind of power. Even in the future Heavenly Court, there aren't many Heaven Origin Realm experts. There are only the Lord of the Sun and Moon, the Empress of Heaven, the various Heavenly Concubines, and the Nine Heavenly Kings."

As he spoke, a rune appeared above his head. It was the Dragonless Heart Sutra. In the blink of an eye, this Dragonless Heart Sutra turned into beautiful mountains and rivers, all worlds and time, all living beings, humans, demons, demons, gods, immortals, cultivators …

Within the Dragonless Heart Sutra, all living beings let out cries of transcendence, as well as the wishes of all living beings.

In the deepest depths of the hearts of all living beings, there was a desire to pursue great freedom, great freedom, unfettered freedom. This desire was something that they themselves wouldn't realize, but Gu Chensha had refined it and turned it into the Dragonless Heart Sutra's chapter.

This magnificent, indescribable, inconceivable, inconceivable, unsurpassable, and unreachable chapter swept out. In just an instant, the Six Starlight Array Diagram fell into it. Then, the 360 Empyrean level puppets were about to be fused with the Dragonless Heart Sutra's chapter.

But at this time, the 360 Celestial Venerables suddenly vanished without a trace, leaving Gu Chensha completely empty-handed.

It was just like how the Great Spirit God had disappeared in order to escape pursuit, dying and fusing with the Heavenly Dao.

"Oh? Are you testing me? Are you afraid that I'll capture this puppet and pry out your secrets? "

Gu Chensha sneered. "I've seen this move before, and I've also thought of a way to break it. Come on out!"

His Dragonless Talisman spread out, causing the text to transform into many words that vanished. They seeped into the depths of the layered void and then fiercely returned. Each text wrapped around a puppet and flew back. These were none other than the 360 Empyrean level puppets that had vanished. Mobile users, please browse M. Read for a better reading experience.