Chapter 328
===========

"There are millions of fiendmonsters in this stronghold. In addition, there seems to be an endless stream of fiendmonsters coming from behind the stronghold. They're building some sort of array." Gu Chensha secretly observed.

In the Infernal domain, fiendmonsters lived in harsh conditions. Only by building arrays and buildings could they escape the stinking swamp and find a better living environment.

"To catch bandits, first catch the king. I'll capture the two fiendmonster leaders and refine them first. Or slowly devour the fiendmonsters here. "

Gu Chensha calculated. "Those two leaders are at the twenty-first transformation of the Five Elements. I can block them, but the twenty-second transformation fiendmonsters aren't their match.

The Heavenly Manifestations of Heaven and Earth are very difficult to deal with. It seems I'll have to first devour the other fiendmonsters and cultivate the Mahākāśyapa Black Sun. "

Once he cultivated the Mahākāśyapa Black Sun to greater success, his demonic flames would surge to the heavens. In the future, there would be endless transformations. Furthermore, after absorbing enough fiendmonsters, the black sun would transform into many fiendgods that could be absorbed by the Heavenly Demon Tree. Boundless demonic energy was absorbed by the Mahākāśyapa Black Sun. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha circulated his mystic art, hiding himself within the Mahākāśyapa Black Sun. He then activated the Sun-Moon Transformations mystic art, imitating the aura of the fiendmonsters. He circled around the Nether Iron stronghold and began dealing with the fiendmonsters behind.

There were too many fiendmonsters and experts within the stronghold. If he fell inside, Gu Chensha might die. It was better to devour the fiendmonsters and advance again. He landed on the ground and saw groups of ox-headed fiendmonsters moving nether iron ores.

These nether iron ores were transported near the Nether Iron stronghold and refined into pure nether iron to forge weapons and armor. At the same time, they were molded into modules for the grand array. Of course, other than nether iron ores, there was also nether jade.

If these materials were obtained by cultivators, they would be first-rate materials for refining immortal artifacts after expelling their demonic energy. It had to be known that nether iron was infused with demonic energy from the Infernal domain. It was extremely pure.

"It seems these fiendmonsters have been building the array for a long time to activate some sort of power in an attempt to expand the seal."

Gu Chensha observed for a moment. "It seems I need to destroy the changes here and do my best to disrupt the fiendmonsters' plans."

He hid in the underbrush. Not far away, there was a group of ox-headed devils, all of them strong and powerful. There were about three thousand of them, and they were transporting Nether Iron ores.

Gu Chensha's figure flashed and turned into a black dragon. In the blink of an eye, these ox-headed devils were all turned into ashes. Their soul and blood essence were all absorbed by the Black Mahānata Sun.

The Mahākāśyapa black sun absorbed the souls of the three thousand devils. As it wriggled, it formed a black lotus the size of a soybean, upon which sat a devil god the size of a flea.

Even though this Demonic God was as small as a flea, it was extremely lifelike. It had three heads and six arms, and its aura was extraordinary. It sat within the black lotus and continuously chanted demonic incantations.

The Demon God in the Black Maha Sun was just a Demon Soul, not a puppet. It was still far inferior to the Heavenly Demon Tree. Therefore, Gu Chensha's cultivation of the Black Maha Sun was only temporary. Once he succeeded, he would have to feed it to the Heavenly Demon Tree.

As the flea devil god chanted, the power of the Black Maha Sun grew stronger and stronger, and the black flames became purer.

This devil curse was called the Divine Mahākāśyapa Mantra, and this flea-sized devil god was the embryonic form of Divine General Mahākāśyapa. The meaning of Mahākāśyapa was grand and grand. The Divine Mahākāśyapa Mantra's effect was to increase the power of all magical arts.

For example, the Black Maha Sun's attack used demonic flames to incinerate everything. With the Divine Mahākāśyapa Mantra's support, the demonic flames would be even stronger.

When the Divine Mahākāśyapa Mantra reached its peak, it might even be comparable to the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art. After all, the Divine Mahākāśyapa was the king of myriad gods, the king of hell.

This god's power was far above that of the other gods, so the techniques he created were naturally extremely profound.

Unfortunately, Gu Chensha had only obtained less than a thousandth of the Maha Prison Suppression Scripture. He hadn't learned many of the Devil Dao's divine arts. Otherwise, he would be like a fish in water in the Devil Realm, and no one would be able to do anything to him.

"These nether iron ores are good stuff, but I can't collect them now. Forget it.

Once I take over this place, the nether iron ores will be mine. I can use the Ghost-God Touch to absorb them. "

Gu Chensha killed this small group of three thousand minotaurs, and the Black Maha Sun's power was even greater. He targeted another group. This group was dozens of miles away, and they had built a huge smelting furnace that was like bamboo shoots after a rain.

These devils threw nether iron ores and nether jade ores into the smelting furnace and constantly smelted them. In the end, they turned into a liquid substance that had the characteristics of both jade and steel. The method of combining them was somewhat similar to human refining methods. When humans refined armors and weapons, they usually used a combination of gold, iron, and jade.

Gold and iron's characteristics were tyrannical, tough, and malleable. Jade's characteristics were gentle and could gather spiritual energy. The combination of gold and jade was a match made in heaven. This was also the case for the so-called golden jade.

Immortal refining pills was also the same. Most of the materials needed to refine pills were gold powder and jade shavings. They were mixed together, smelted in the furnace, and supplemented with all kinds of plants. Gold was indestructible and jade was gentle.

When the Nether Iron Ores and Nether Jades merged together, the liquid was like mercury. It gathered into a river that flowed on the ground in the shape of a dragon. Under the pressure of the Demon Generals and Demon Commanders, many demons dripped their blood into the river.

Some were even killed by the generals and commanders and their corpses were tossed into the rivers, allowing their blood and souls to merge with the rivers. These rivers flowed into the Nether Iron Fortress.

Gu Chensha was secretly alarmed. These countless fiendmonsters were constantly forging. In the end, they would definitely form an earth-shattering grand array. He could sense that every once in a while, the Nether Iron Fortress would become a little stronger. If he charged in now, he would probably be locked up. Kill!

He activated it once more and charged into a group of three to five thousand Nether Armor Great Demons. The leader of this group was a Dao Realm Seven Transformation Stage existence who had cultivated Xiantian Astral Energy. If he left the Demon Region and entered the human world, he would definitely cause a bloodbath.

Unfortunately, Gu Chensha wouldn't give the Nether Armor Great Demon a chance. His body was wrapped in the Black Maha Sun and he suddenly charged out, turning the demon into dust in one move. Then, within the Black Maha Sun, a flea-sized demon god and a black lotus were born.

Then, he controlled the Black Maha Sun to sweep this group. In just ten breaths, thousands of demons died in his hands. A third demon god was born in the Black Maha Sun.

The Maha Mantra became louder and louder. With the buff of this mantra, the demon flames could even vaporize the iron ores the moment they touched it. Honglong!

Just as Gu Chensha was about to go on a killing spree, an extremely powerful wave of Demon Qi suddenly erupted from the Nether Iron Fortress in the distance. Within the Demon Qi was the vague image of a monster clawing at him.

The claw was a few acres wide. The moment it clawed at him, even though he was hundreds of miles away, Gu Chensha felt like his essence, energy, and soul were about to be sucked away.

If not for the fact that his realm had increased by a lot and he was already at the Dao Realm Sixteen Transformation Stage, it would have been tough for him to take it.

"Impressive. He's alerted the experts in the Nethermetal Stronghold. The power of this expert has already surpassed the 21 Transformations of the Five Elements. He's reached the 22 Transformations, the Lawful Manifestations of Heaven and Earth." Gu Chensha knew that he couldn't block this attack. Shua!

He used his movement technique and the earth energy in his body surged. In an instant, he was hundreds of miles away.

Just as he escaped, the place where he was originally at turned into a pitch-black chaotic light, and everything was shattered. If he hadn't escaped so quickly, he would have been killed by that strike.

But before he could stabilize himself, the demonic claw was already above his head. The demonic energy locked onto his soul and didn't give him a chance to escape.

The demonic energy was extremely thick and the demonic claw contained limitless power. The main body hadn't even landed and the pressure was enough to crush mountains.

"Light of the Sun and Moon." Gu Chensha's body flashed once more and he was hundreds of miles away.

But he didn't stop. The demonic claw followed him once more and its speed wasn't much slower than his.

In just a few breaths, he changed his movement technique and escaped dozens of times. But each time, the demonic claw followed behind him and grabbed him by a hair's breadth.

"I can't go on like this. He has cultivated spiritual power and if we compete in endurance, I definitely won't be his match. If I continue to escape, my Xiantian Earth Energy and Yuan Shen power will be used up and I will be killed." Gu Chensha calculated in his heart and was prepared to fight back!

But just as he was about to fight back, the demonic claw didn't grab him. Instead, it transformed and took on a human form.

This human form was that of a youth with a dark golden crown on his head. He was dressed in luxurious robes and looked like a disciple of a rich and powerful clan. No one would have thought that he was a peerless devil lord from the devil region.

He sent out a mental fluctuation, "The Nineteenth Prince of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is indeed extraordinary. Your cultivation is only at the 16th transformation. Even I, at the 22nd transformation, can't suppress you. But you are truly gutsy to dare to enter so deep into the devil region." "Which devil king are you?"

Gu Chensha saw the demonic qi exuding from this person and knew that he wasn't a match for him. He was thinking of countermeasures and even wanted to devour this devil instead.

"Don't think of escaping. I've already cultivated Heavenly Manifestations and can use my spiritual power to manifest all living things in heaven and earth. Given your cultivation base, you won't be able to deal with me."

The devil didn't answer Gu Chensha's question and continued, "However, I don't want to kill you. I want to make a deal with you. How about it?" "What deal?" Gu Chensha frowned. Seems like this devil wasn't simple.