Chapter 977
===========

The Grand Plume Sand had escaped.

She had given up on the sacrificial power she had painstakingly gathered over the years to extract everlasting energy from it. Finally, the Freedom Flower she had forged escaped. The Freedom Flower landed in the hands of the Emperor Of Heaven.

Although her people had escaped, they had suffered great losses. It was like the Emperor Of Heaven had lost his own Heavenly Court.

And the Emperor Of Heaven hadn't suffered any losses over the years. Instead, he had used the Grand Plume Sand to extract everlasting energy.

"The Freedom Flower is not bad. Not bad. Let it be a decoration for the Heavenly Court."

As he spoke, the celestial emperor tossed the flower into the air, causing it to grow right next to the celestial emperor's throne and take root. Instantly, the entire heavenly court seemed to undergo a fundamental transformation. All of the immortal officials and gods felt as if the heavenly court had expanded again, as if it were indestructible and eternal.

"Everyone."

Seeing this, the Dharma Saint's cultivation began to condense and revolve. His skills became even more profound, and he might even touch the seventh level of immortality.

The Dharma Saint's cultivation advanced too quickly. This was the accumulation of his destiny. In the Heavenly Court, he was second only to the Emperor Of Heaven.

"His Majesty has already expelled the Grand Plume Sand and abolished the so-called Taoist Ancestor. From now on, the Heavenly Court will be united. Don't think about anything else. Focus on worshiping His Majesty and protecting the Heavenly Court's authority and rule.

Also, Hua Yao Sha, Mighty Miracle God, Jiang Chuan, and God Maha, your four realms are also expanding. Among them, the Monster Race, God Race, Celestial Race, and Demon Race seem to be restless. You must manage these realms well. If these realms start to fall into chaos, it will be troublesome, "the Warlock Saint said.

"No matter."

The Emperor Of Heaven said with a smile, "I have the overall situation under control. Those people, including Gu Chensha, no longer have any chance.

The turmoil in the human world was deliberately arranged by me. As the saying goes, a life is destroyed, and a life is reborn from the ashes. The more turbulent the human world is, the more people want peace. Only when the Son of Destiny is born will there be fertile soil. Only when the pool of muddy water can a big fish be born. After this chaos of life and death, my cultivation will improve further. Master of the Four Realms, heed my command! " "Your subject is here!"

The lord of the Demon World, Huayao Sha; the lord of the God World, The Great Spirit God; the lord of the Immortal World, Jiang Chuan; and the lord of the Devil World, Mahākāśyapa, all dropped to their knees. They could sense how unfathomable the Emperor Heaven was, and how terrifying he was. If they resisted, he could send them into reincarnation with the flick of a finger.

"Hurry up and send the experts of the four realms down to the human world to wreak havoc. At the same time, help the newly born Child of Destiny.

That new Child of Destiny will kill Zhang Ziran, accumulate resources, and finally complete the great cause. "

The Emperor Heaven said, "Of course, after the new Child of Destiny reaches his peak, he might rebel like Zhang Ziran. At that time, another Child of Destiny will be born, and he will defeat him. This cycle of harvesting is like harvesting crops. The power of chaos and peace will be harvested into the Heavenly Court. " "Your Majesty is wise." Everyone knelt down. At this time, the Masters of the Four Realms also returned.

"Your Majesty, now that the stability of the human world has been destroyed, the power of the mortal world is starting to dissipate, and many experts can be born."

The Dharma Saint said, "It seems that if it is a prosperous world, the power of the human world is dense, and demons can't be born. If it is a chaotic world, the power of the human world will dissipate, and many people will be born. At this time, the Child of Destiny will be born to stabilize the human world. In this tribulation, some of the old gods will be eliminated, and some new gods will be conferred. This way, the Heavenly Court will be able to inject new blood. " "Dharma Saint, don't worry. You will soon transcend, and there will be no more tribulations."

The Emperor Heaven comforted the Dharma Saint, "You have already understood the true meaning of law. As long as there is order, you will not die.

But this time, God Maha, especially The Great Spirit God, Jiang Chuan, will fall, and the new Masters of the World will be born. The Heavenly Court will have new blood. This time, we will clean up the Heavenly Court again. " The Celestial Thearch had already thought of everything.

As the Heavenly Court continued to forge, it became more and more stable, and the Celestial Thearch would eventually comprehend the Undying Realm.

In these five years, he didn't manage the human world, but let it develop. Now, he was going to send the experts of the Immortal, Demon, Monster, and Celestial Realms into the human world to cause trouble. Rumble!

The Emperor Heaven moved again. Light flickered around his body, and boundless power condensed into a small dot of light. It broke through the Heavenly Court's greyspace, descended into the human world, and disappeared.

The Dharma Saint knew that this was the birth of the Child of Destiny appointed by the Emperor Heaven.

"The Child of Destiny is born."

In the Divine World, the Mighty Miracle God was sitting on his throne. At this time, the Divine World had also become extremely huge. Many True God thrones were floating in the air. Gods were sitting on them. Each of them had condensed their own Divine Countries. However, they were all under the jurisdiction of the Mighty Miracle God.

The Heavenly World was actually very boring. True Gods had much longer lifespans than ordinary people, but they didn't have much activity. Every day, other than offering sacrifices, cultivation, and more sacrifices.

Many Gods wanted to go down to the human world to take a look, to understand the human heart, to understand the world, to pass on faith, and to collect sacrifices.

That was because the rules of the Heavenly Court were very strict. Even if True Gods went down, they would be immediately polluted, let alone the original rich red dust energy.

Then, Zhang Ziran rebelled, and the red dust energy weakened. These True Gods wanted to go down, but they didn't dare, because the Heavenly Court didn't order it.

"Lord God, this time, the Emperor Heaven really wants us to go down and cause chaos? Is there such a good thing? "asked a True God.

"I'm also thinking about this." The Great Spirit God's eyes flashed. "What is the Emperor Heaven thinking? I have a feeling of unease. "

"Haha … The Great Spirit God, it's normal for you to feel uneasy, because you are about to fall into a tribulation. The Emperor Heaven wants you to die. This time, going down is a tribulation." At this moment, a few voices came. A group of people appeared in the God Realm.

They were led by Subhutuo, Yuan Gu, and Dou Sheng. Among them were Wan Senshi, Jing Qiu, Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, and Gu Huo, who had always kept a low profile. This group of people were originally the powerhouses who caused chaos in the Heaven Realm.

But after the Heavenly Court was established and the Human Realm was formed, these people became members of the Heavenly Court. Jing Qiu became the Innocuous Heavenly King, while Gu Huo became the Calamitous Heavenly King.

As for Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian, the two who obtained the Sword of Infinity and the Sword of Infinity, and Wan Senshi, they became subordinates of the Heavenly King of Reform. Subhutuo, Yuan Gu, and Dou Sheng also became subordinates of the Dharma Saint.

"What are you doing here?"

The Great Spirit God became vigilant, thinking that this group of people had come to deal with him. His senses were extremely sharp, and he could already sense that something was wrong. "Everyone, could it be that you have come to take away my position as the master of the God Realm? If so, then please do it. I definitely won't resist. " "Brother, you're overthinking things."

At this time, Jing Qiu spoke. "Do you think that you're the only one who will face this tribulation, and that all of us will face it?

Although I am the Innocuous Heavenly King, I still took Jing Fanxing's Heavenly King Essence, which is a violation of the will of the Emperor Heaven. Now, I can sense that the tribulation is coming, and it's incomparably miserable.

My identity as the Innocuous Heavenly King will soon be lost. Of course, the same goes for Gu Huo. Anyone with a discerning eye can see that the Emperor Heaven is changing people on a large scale. This time, the blood of the Heavenly Court will probably be changed. " "Let's not talk about anything else."

The Great Spirit God said, "Yuan Gu, Pu Tuo, Dou Sheng, the three of you will definitely face the tribulation. The Emperor Heaven has long been dissatisfied with your half-heartedness, but he didn't banish you into the cycle of reincarnation. Perhaps he wants the new people he nurtured to kill you, and use you as stepping stones." "That's right," Yuan Gu said. "The same goes for you, The Great Spirit God."

"In that case, the three of you have come together with me, but if you move out like this, I'm afraid that the Dharma Saint will find out, and it will be extremely disadvantageous for you," The Great Spirit God said.

"So what if the Dharma Saint finds out? Can't we even save ourselves?

Moreover, don't be fooled by the Dharma Saint's complacent now. In fact, if he encounters the tribulation, no one can save him. "

Yuan Gu laughed coldly. "The Dharma Saint is too complacent. He doesn't know that the greater the favor, the greater the tribulation." "There's no point in discussing this now."

The Great Spirit God said, "Let's think about how to avoid the tribulation and obtain benefits from it. This tribulation chaos is undoubtedly caused by the Emperor Heaven. Zhang Ziran's rebellion in the human world actually has the support of Gu Huasha. Rumor has it that Gu Huasha might be the true body of the Emperor Heaven. But now, it seems that he might not be." "What's real and what's fake, who can tell?"

Jing Qiu said, "Our top priority is to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, gather faith in the human world, and refine immortality. The stronger we are, the more confident we will be in dealing with the tribulation. This is something that cannot be doubted.

Of course, we must also work together and not kill each other. Otherwise, the consequences will be unimaginable. "

"I agree with this point. We have been fighting for so long, from the Heaven Realm to the human world. The structure of heaven and earth has changed." The Great Spirit God said, "We must not continue fighting."

"When we reach the human world, we can contact the Hong Ling Sha and many other forces. We can still benefit from both sides. I can already see that as long as we can completely cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, even the Emperor Heaven can't do anything to us. Look at the Hong Ling Sha, after she cultivates the Dragonless Heart Sutra, her mind has obtained great freedom.

She calls herself the Taoist Ancestor. Even the Emperor Heaven tolerated her for five years and couldn't even capture or kill her. "

Jing Qiu said, "Originally, I thought that after cultivating the Dragonless Heart Sutra, I would be controlled by Gu Chensha. Now, it seems that there is no such thing. Look at the hall of the Heavenly Court, the Emperor Heaven defeated the Hong Ling Sha with the Dragonless Heart Sutra. If the Emperor Heaven can learn it, why can't we?"