Chapter 90
==========

He shook his head, and could only take out the leather pouch that was originally used to store the Dragon Transformation Fluid. He scooped up the entire pouch, but he could no longer find a container to store it in.

"Pour the Dragon Transformation Fluid into the Sun Moon Altar?"

Gu Chensha thought about it. Now that the altar's space had expanded by a lot, there was a depression on the altar that was used to kill demons and offer blood sacrifices. Storing the Dragon Transformation Fluid there should be no problem. No matter how powerful the Dragon Transformation Liquid was, it could not burn the Sun Moon Altar.

After using the leather bag ten times in a row, the depression on the altar had accumulated to the size of a bucket.

"If this goes on, I'm afraid I won't be able to scoop out everything here by tomorrow." Gu Chensha frowned. "Time is of the essence. I'll take the pagoda first."

This foot-tall pagoda floated above the entire pool of Dragon Transformation Fluid, slowly absorbing its power. It was definitely not an ordinary item.

Gu Chensha directly floated above the pond, using his hand to grab Small Tower, wanting to lift it up.

But unexpectedly, the pagoda did not budge at all. No matter how much strength he exerted, it was useless.

"What happened?"

Gu Chensha circulated all of his energy, but it was useless. The tower ignored him, as if he were nothing more than an ant. "This tower really is a treasure. It seems I'm not strong enough. Since that's the case, I'll evolve the Great Dragon Armor. This is definitely the most important treasure. Otherwise, the Barbarian Bishop wouldn't come here every day to inspect it."

Gu Chensha's current strength was also very strong. Although it was not as strong as the Nine Bulls and Two Tigers, it was not far off.

Dao Realm Transformation Nine Bulls and Two Tigers was a change in strength due to absorbing spiritual energy to change one's body. The Heaven Dew he consumed was even more mysterious than spiritual energy and he cultivated the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, so it wasn't surprising for him to have such strength. But that wasn't all. The Great Dragon Armor was even stronger.

The armor had evolved many times, and in terms of strength, it was probably comparable to someone at Dao Realm Transformation Six. However, he still couldn't do anything about this pagoda. How heavy was this pagoda?

Without further ado, Gu Chensha entered the altar space, took off the Great Dragon Armor, and immersed himself in the Dragon Transformation Liquid he had just obtained. Boom! The Great Dragon Armor burst into flames again.

Gu Chensha was already prepared. He took out the Heavenly Dew and dripped another thousand drops on it.

The Heavenly Dew was neutralizing and catalyzing the Great Dragon Armor's absorption of the Dragon Transformation Elixir.

Without the Heavenly Dew, the Great Dragon Armor would have needed many years to slowly absorb it. However, the Heavenly Dew increased the Great Dragon Armor's ability to absorb energy, and at the same time, changed its form.

Of course, if he had enough Heavenly Dew, he wouldn't need the Dragon Transformation Elixir at all. However, he didn't have enough Heavenly Dew. Even three thousand drops wouldn't be enough for the Great Dragon Armor to evolve. On top of that, even though the Dragon Transformation Elixir was a little overbearing and difficult to absorb, it was still the best evolution elixir. Buzz buzz buzz … A bucket of Dragon Transforming Liquid was completely absorbed.

Gu Chensha hurriedly scooped more water into his leather pouch and poured more water onto the Great Dragon Armor. The Great Dragon Armor greedily absorbed the water.

After pouring more than thirty bags of water on it, the Great Dragon Armor finally reached its limit, and it floated up once more.

Without thinking, Gu Chensha consumed his Blood Essence and used the Sun and Moon Refining Technique to refine the armor again.

This time, the Great Dragon Armor actually became transparent, almost as if it didn't exist. At the same time, its connection with Gu Chensha grew even closer, and it moved according to his will.

"Put it on!"

With a slight thought from Gu Chensha, the Great Dragon Armor immediately wrapped around his body, concealing his body. It was as if he was invisible, and his aura couldn't be sensed.

"Dragon Concealment!" He was delighted. "This is the ability of invisibility. With this ability, won't it be safer for me to steal treasures?"

However, this was just invisibility. It was so that others couldn't see or smell him, but it wasn't like he had disappeared into the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Altar. If others touched him, they would still be able to touch his body.

However, with this ability, coupled with the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Altar's ability, it seemed like he really wanted to develop into a godly thief. After this evolution, the Great Dragon Armor's strength and defense had increased by several times. However, it still hadn't evolved to the level of the King Dragon Armor.

Gu Chensha frowned. Logically, after absorbing so much Dragon Transforming Liquid, the armor should have evolved.

"Could it be my own problem? I used the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Altar to refine this armor, but I'm limiting its evolution because I haven't reached the Dao realm yet."

He could feel that the armor had stored a huge amount of energy. It was converted from the Dragon Transforming Liquid and Heavenly Dew, but it hadn't been fully digested. Instead, it was full. Even if he soaked in the Heavenly Dew or Dragon Transforming Liquid, he wouldn't be able to absorb it.

It seemed like he had to break through to the Dao realm himself before using the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Altar to refine the armor. The Great Dragon Armor couldn't evolve anymore.

Gu Chensha had no choice but to use the Dragon Transforming Liquid to refine the Demon Subduing Edge. He had taken a liking to it. First, he used the Blood Melting Blade as a sacrifice to obtain the embryonic form. After that, he wouldn't need to use the Blood Melting Blade as a sacrifice. He could use the Spirit Essence to make it succeed. Of course, the Dragon Transforming Liquid was even better now.

He used another 500 drops of Heavenly Dew and Dragon Transforming Liquid for the Demon Subduing Edge to absorb.

This time, the Demon Subduing Edge changed and finally formed. It floated in the air and its aura was even stronger than the Dragon Bone Sword.

Gu Chensha grabbed it and nodded his head, "This Demon Subduing Edge is not in its embryonic form but a true weapon. I can use it to break the body of a Dao Realm Transformation Realm Expert."

The weapon and armor were all crafted. Gu Chensha looked at the Dragon Transforming Liquid and tower in the pond. He grabbed it once more but it was like an ant trying to shake a tree.

The Great Dragon Armor's strength increased by several times but it was useless. The tower was as heavy as a mountain.

"I can't waste time here." Gu Chensha thought about it and looked around to see if there was anything he could collect.

However, this underground palace was completely empty. There was nothing but the pool of Dragon Transformation Liquid and the pagoda.

"I have no choice, so I will just take as much as I can."

Gu Chensha shook his head in disappointment. It hadn't been easy for him to enter the treasury, and he had taken a huge risk, but he hadn't gained much. Although the Great Dragon Armor had evolved and the Devil Subduing Blade had evolved, it hadn't achieved the results he had expected. He scooped up hundreds of bags and kept them in the altar space. Suddenly, he had an idea.

"Rather than wasting the Dragon Transforming Liquid here, why don't I use it to cultivate?"

He recalled that not only could this liquid increase the power of treasures, but it could also increase one's potential. However, only people above Dao Realm Transformation Realm could use it. Luckily, Gu Chensha had the Heavenly Dew to neutralize it.

He returned to the Sun Moon Altar space and stripped himself naked. He used half a bag of Dragon Transforming Liquid and dropped 100 drops of Heavenly Dew to neutralize it. When his hand touched it, it felt really hot.

"Sun and Moon Refinement!"

Gu Chensha touched the Dragon Transforming Liquid and started to draw talismans on his body. He was actually using his body as a treasure to refine. Actually, this was the true cultivation path of the Sun and Moon Refinement Technique.

He drew talismans on each of the important meridians. When the Dragon Transforming Liquid touched his body, it felt like his entire body was about to burn up.

But Gu Chensha didn't care at all. After the medicinal properties were neutralized, it was just nice.

He stood on the Sun Moon Altar and was shone on by the light. He circulated the Sun and Moon Refinement Technique's vital energy and shot out all sorts of seals.

Along with the movement of his pores, the Dragon Transforming Liquid on the surface of his body was actually absorbed and slowly merged with it.

Once all the Dragon Transforming Liquid disappeared, Gu Chensha touched it once more and drew talismans all over his body.

Just like that, he drew talismans, cultivated, and absorbed. He did it nine times in a row. He felt like every inch of his body was being cut by knives and he felt like his body was being burned. He wanted to die but he couldn't.

"This body isn't mine and my body isn't my true body. Sun and Moon Refinement Technique will allow me to be reborn."

His will was firm and he didn't care about any pain at all. He just tried his best to circulate his vital energy faster and faster. The blood in his body gave out a surging sound like that of the sun and moon. Weng …

Gu Chensha suddenly felt like there was a mysterious power in his body that had been accumulated to the peak. It charged out and broke through space to see the outside world.

Large amounts of Spiritual Energy landed and turned into a cooling liquid. It calmed down the heat in and out of his body. Wind blew in his pores and he rode the wind. Gu Chensha knew that he had stepped into the Dao Realm.

The Dragon Transforming Liquid along with the Sun and Moon Refinement Technique finally made up for his lack of consolidation of his Dao Foundations. He was reborn and his foundation was unprecedentedly strong.

He was really calm about stepping into the Dao Realm. There was no joy or sadness, it was as if eating and drinking weren't a big deal.

This was because he had accumulated too much and after many divinations, it was natural that he would succeed.

He didn't purposely try to break through and just strengthened his foundation. His Dao was full and he easily broke through.

Such a state of mind was really suitable for comprehending the Dao. Many people's minds wavered when breaking through to the Dao Realm, causing their foundations to shake.

"I have reached the Dao Realm. I have finally broken through the mortal body and am no longer a mortal. I didn't expect that I would have such a day."

Gu Chensha wore the clothes on the ship and felt something in his heart. He was like a passerby in the misty rain, reminiscing about the past. It was like a dream and he had obtained a new life. All sorts of feelings surged into his heart but they turned into memories of the past.

At this moment, it was his birthday. No matter how much he had experienced in the past, they were all mortal.

Those who had obtained the Dao and those who hadn't, although there was just a thin veil between them, it was like the distance between heaven and man.

"I originally thought that the Mortal Realm and the Dao Realm were only about absorbing spiritual energy and cleansing the fleshly body. But now it seems like it's completely different. My state of mind has become unworldly, and I'm no longer the same as before. My view of martial arts, the world, and my understanding of life are greatly different." This was the Dao Realm. The most important thing about the Dao Realm was the change in one's mental state.

The first ten years of his life were spent rolling in mud and suffering in the flames of karma. Now that he had obtained the Dao, his soul and body had changed.

People who didn't break through to this realm, even if they used the Spiritual Liquid and strengthened their bodies, their mental states would never be Dao Realm. This would cause a huge difference in martial arts.