Chapter 108
===========

The Great Study Room.

Many high-ranking officials were sorting out the memorials that were piled up like a mountain. After sorting them, they picked out the important ones and presented them to the Emperor of Heavenly Talisman.

Ever since the war with the barbarians began, the imperial court had a lot of work to do. The allocation of troops, the arrangement of provisions, the appointment and dismissal of officials, the recording of contributions, the supervision of the people, the transportation of rivers and seas, etc.

The Great Study Room was the heart of the empire. The empire would not stagnate if it was constantly running.

Lou Chongxiao's cultivation level was profound. He could work non-stop for a year without a problem. He was agile and fast. He finished reading a memorial in one glance. Sometimes, he even read dozens of them at the same time.

The memorials beside him seemed to be flipped and sorted by invisible hands. He was using his Innate Gang Qi to increase his efficiency.

Moreover, the classification of dozens and even hundreds of memorials showed his ability to multitask. He was no longer a human, but a huge computing machine.

Because of him, there was no backlog of memorials. He alone was more efficient than hundreds of people. Of course, the others were not slow either.

Those who were able to enter the Great Study Room as officials were not ordinary people. Ordinary scholars could not control the imperial court with their knowledge alone. They had to be skilled in both literature and martial arts. They had to understand the Heavenly Dao and have great wisdom.

Even Zhu Xia and Minister Wen, who were the most senior scholars in the Upper Study Room, were not only world-famous scholars, but their cultivation was also unfathomable. However, they paid particular attention to educating the world through literature. They would not reveal their supernatural powers unless it was a critical moment.

Since ancient times, the scholars traveled the world with their swords. They recommended their political views and ideals to the other countries. If they were not capable, they would have been killed by bandits, beasts, and soldiers. However, Lou Chongxiao was not the fastest. The young official, Fang Lin, was the fastest.

Fang Lin did not read any of the memorials at all. Instead, he sorted them out in an orderly manner. It was as if he could see through the contents of the memorials.

He was born in a poor family. A few years ago, he became the top scholar and was trained by the emperor. He was promoted one after another. I didn't expect him to be so powerful … Even though I can use my soul tentacles to look through the memorials, it takes a lot of energy. I didn't expect him to be able to do it so easily.

He is in his early thirties. No prince can compare to him. I don't know how he did it. "Lou Chongxiao was shocked.

However, Fang Lin was an unparalleled genius who had been selected from the billions of citizens through various selections and examinations. It was normal for him to be stronger than a prince.

Throughout the dynasties, there had been ministers who had left their names in the annals of history, but there were rarely any princes. In fact, for a long time, the princes had been pampered like princes, useless and stupid pigs.

Dao Realm Ten Transformations, One Heart 1,000 Things. Dao Realm Eleven Transformations, Soul Tentacles.

His own soul spread out like tentacles in all directions. He could see through everything, and nothing could stop him. This was the power of a god. Blood power, energy power, divine power.

After cultivating the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade, he would focus on Spirit Refinement and Energy Refinement as support.

When one reached a certain level in Spirit Refinement, one could even project one's Primordial Spirit out of one's body and reincarnate in another's body. As for the brute strength of one's flesh and blood, the means of Innate Stellar Energy were far behind.

After a long while, Lou Chongxiao arranged thousands of documents and wrote an outline. Only then did he take a deep breath and look at the Heaven Talisman Emperor who was sitting behind the dragon throne.

The Heaven Talisman Emperor was also writing and reading. He was really slow and didn't show any abilities.

"Who knows whether or not the True God Emperor has suppressed many evil gods?"

Lou Chongxiao knew that the Emperor in front of him was just an incarnation. However, he still had unlimited abilities and could suppress everything. Dang, dang, dang … He meditated 12 times on the clock in the reading room. The Heaven Talisman Emperor raised his head, "Eh?

At 12, all of you have been working day and night, so you must be tired. Gao Ling, bring each of you a bowl of Flying Celestial Tea. " "Yes!"

In the blink of an eye, Gao Ling led the eunuchs to bring a bowl of tea to the officials. The tea was really ordinary and the tea was amber in color. There was no fragrance at all but the officials knew that the Heaven Talisman Emperor's reward wasn't ordinary. Moreover, since the Emperor gave it to them, they didn't dare to reject it. Even if it was poison, they had to drink it.

Immediately, all the ministers drank it. As soon as it entered their mouths, it immediately dispersed. They felt as if they were floating in the air. All the impurities in their hearts and minds were washed clean. Their fatigue was completely gone, as if they had been reborn. Not to mention that their spirits were greatly boosted, they felt as if they had become ethereal and mysterious. The messy affairs of the country and the disputes of human affairs all became clear.

"Thank you, Emperor, for your reward." All the officials knelt down to thank him.

"Get up."

The Heaven Talisman Emperor said, "All of you have high cultivations and don't care about the few days of hard work. If you don't have the ability, you won't be able to enter this reading room. This is the center of the world and if it isn't running smoothly, the world will be in trouble. All of you have heavy responsibilities and can't neglect them. " "We don't dare." The officials all sat up.

"This Flying Immortal Soup is something I obtained when I was young in the number one sect of the immortal dao, the Black Heaven Earth Gate."

The Heaven Talisman Emperor recalled, "Cultivators are most afraid of the mortal world. But to temper one's heart, one must go to the mortal world to temper oneself.

Those who have been tempered for a long time will inevitably be misled by the mortal world. When they return to the sect, they will drink this Flying Immortal Soup to cleanse themselves of the mortal world. You and I have been rolling around in the mortal world, working hard day and night to manage the affairs of the country. As time passes, our Dao hearts will inevitably be affected by karma. "

"Your Majesty, those Immortal Cultivators come from the mortal world and have separated themselves from it. However, they look down on the common people and think that they are superior to them. However, they want the people of the mortal world to worship them. They are always thinking about how to abuse their power. They are actually hypocrites." Zhu Xia, the great scholar, stood up and reported, "I think that they should also respect the law and be honest."

"I will do this sooner or later. The immortal dao emphasizes freedom, but in fact, it means breaking away from the law."

The Heaven Talisman Emperor nodded, "The immortal dao originates from the mortal world, but in the end, it will return to the mortal world. Once one transcends, one must lead the people in the world to transcend as well. Let's not talk about all this. Let's talk about serious matters.

If it isn't a huge matter, you can deal with it yourself. But if it concerns the fate of the country, then I will have to decide it myself. " "My eyesight isn't good enough."

Lou Chongxiao stood up and said, "The most important thing right now is for the princes to come out of seclusion for war. In these two months, all the princes have conquered their fiefdoms. Among them, the Nineteenth Prince has caught up. He has completed the construction of his fiefdom and even paved the roads. Now, he is going to start trading. This is his memorial." He then presented Gu Chensha's memorial.

"Little Nineteen's words are getting more and more majestic."

The Heaven Talisman Emperor looked at Gu Chensha's report. The words were really strong and majestic. He couldn't help but laugh, "He even said how he subdued the Barbarian Race God Envoy. He said that those people wanted to use the Heartless Stealing Talisman to control him but he managed to snatch the talisman and control the Dao Realm Seven Transformation God Envoy. Such quick-wittedness, using the weak to defeat the strong, is really interesting."

Fang Lin also stood up and reported, "The Nineteenth Prince does indeed seem to be soaring into the sky. He has also subdued the people of Dragon Sword Island and brought them all under his command. In addition, Frostjade Country's Jadefrost Dew has also brought people to join him. They have already set up camp in his fiefdom." He had news regarding Gu Chensha. At this moment, a few eunuchs knelt at the door and held a box in their hands.

Gao Ling stealthily walked over and inquired. She picked up the box and placed it on the table of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, "Your Majesty, these are the spoils of war that His Highness obtained from the war against the Barbarians.

"Oh?" The Heaven Talisman Emperor laughed, "Little Nineteen has such intentions? My sons hide the good stuff and expand their own strength. How can they be so filial? "

"Emperor, the princes are all filial. They are all loyal and fighting against the Barbarian Race is a sign of filial piety." Lou Chongxiao said.

The Heaven Talisman Emperor opened the box and a golden bottle appeared within. The bottle gave off a seven-colored light.

"Seven Saint Heart Refining Pill!"

The few officials stood up. They were all knowledgeable and were all dragons and phoenixes amongst men. How could they not see the light?

"Little Nineteen's gift is really precious."

The Heaven Talisman Emperor closed the box, "This pill contains the ancient human Seven Saint Dao and is useless to me. Gao Ling, spread my decree to give Little Nineteen a Death Exemption Talisman. " "Yes!" Gao Ling hurried down. The officials looked at one another and were shocked.

The Death Exemption Talisman had two uses. One was that no matter how big a crime one committed, one could avoid death once.

Other than that, it was also a supreme treasure. No matter how dangerous the situation was, the talisman could be used to ensure one's safety. Even gods wouldn't be able to harm it.

This talisman was personally written by the Heaven Talisman Emperor and contained an unparalleled power. Up until now, no prince had ever obtained a Death Exemption Talisman.

"Alright, continue reporting. We can talk about the princes later. I know what to do about the war in the Desolate Mountains." The Heaven Talisman Emperor said, "What I'm concerned about now is the construction of new academies in the various provinces."

"Your Majesty, the various provinces have already started constructing the new academies. This is the blueprint of the new academies. Regardless of whether they are from the poor or the rich, as long as they are seven years old and above, regardless of gender, they can choose to enroll in the new academies. There will be all sorts of courses in the academies. Literature and martial arts will be the main focus, with astronomy, geography, law, fengshui, morality, and engineering as support. First, the academies will be popularized in the provinces, then the prefectures, and finally the counties.

Every county must have a new academy and each academy must be able to accommodate thousands of students. Moreover, the imperial court will be responsible for the students' food and lodging.

The imperial court will also subsidize the academies. "Minister Wen reported excitedly," Your Majesty is wise. This move is to open up the world to wisdom. There will be no one in the past and no one in the future. However, many of the officials said that the finances are tight and there are many difficulties. Now that the rich areas have been constructed, some of the barren areas are hard to sustain. "

"This is a matter of great importance to the nation. You must not neglect it." The Heaven Talisman Emperor said, "I know that this will cost a lot of money.

That's why we started the war against the Barbarians. Now that the trade at the border has increased by a hundred times and the tax revenue is abundant, this must be done. Otherwise, it will be more difficult in the future. "

"Your Majesty, this is a heavy burden for the imperial court. Can we subsidize the academy fees?" Lou Chongxiao suggested.