Chapter 860
===========

"Gu Chensha, it's you."

Wu Dangkong gritted her teeth. "You're always haunting me. You even stole my Heavenly Sacrifice Decree today. But do you think you've won? The general trend is irreversible. No matter how much you struggle, it's all for naught. " "I should be the one saying that to you," said Gu Chensha.

"You're Imperial Father's concubine, so I don't want to make a move against you. You should force Concubine Ming's essence out yourself, then I'll take it and refine it. After that, you can enter the harem and stay with the other concubines. Don't do anything, and you might be able to escape with your life.

Even the School of Jin Heavenly King has been refined by me, and the Raging Dragon Sect has also fallen into my hands. The Heaven Sacrificial Decree and the Raging Dragon Sect are equally famous. Since I can refine the Raging Dragon Sect, I can naturally refine the Heaven Sacrificial Decree too. "

"I'm Emperor Of Heaven's Concubine Ming, not Gu Taxian's concubine. Gu Taxian is a heaven-defying character, yet he dares to take me into his harem. He'll meet a miserable end and can only serve as food for the Heavenly Dao. As for you, Gu Chensha, you might be proud for a while, but you'll eventually be suppressed by Emperor Of Heaven. Everything you're doing now is actually benefiting Emperor Of Heaven." Wu Dangkong was unmoved. She seemed determined to fight Gu Chensha to the bitter end.

"If that's the case, then I won't hold back."

Gu Chensha sighed. "Since you've admitted that you're Emperor Of Heaven's Concubine Ming, then you're courting death. I can't save you, so I can only take your Concubine Ming's essence and forcibly extract it, turning you into an ordinary person like the School Jin Heavenly King." Gu Chensha made a grabbing motion.

A vortex appeared out of nowhere in his palm. Right now, his cultivation had already returned to its original state, turning something rotten into something magical. A simple action or a glance could have the power to tear apart the heavens and earth.

Therefore, he basically did not have any martial arts moves, nor did he have any Dao techniques to kill. He was like the Heavenly Dao, killing at will, changing at will, and with a single thought, he could do anything. This was the current Gu Chensha.

Sure enough, with a move of her palm, Ming Fei Wu Dangkong's body flew towards the whirlpool involuntarily.

"Not good."

Ming Fei Wu Dangkong's entire body was trembling violently, as if he was about to explode. His life force was about to be sucked away. Suddenly, she moved violently, as boundless light radiated from her palms, "Dao of Xiantian, Six Paths Bright Fist!" Rumble!

Between heaven and earth, six types of vibrations, six types of sounds, six types of reincarnation, six types of light, all of them rippled within her fist technique. This was Ming Fei's unparalleled divine technique that would sweep through all the realms in the future.

"The future of heaven and earth, the light of the sun and moon, illuminate the heavens, limitless and limitless."

As soon as Ming Fei Wu Dangkong's Six Paths Bright Fist appeared, a golden giant appeared behind her. This giant had the body of a snake and the head of a human. It looked ancient and desolate. It swung its arm in the air, and the world swallowed and spat out, everything was renewed and renewed.

"Interesting."

Gu Chensha nodded. "The Six Paths Bright Fist. As Ming Fei, you created this fist technique, and it suits you the best. In the future, you will indeed rely on this fist technique to suppress the heavens and earth. In fact, if the Emperor Heaven doesn't appear, you will be able to wield the power of the Heavenly Court. For a long time, you have been a woman, and caused many disasters. In the end, your fate was not very good. You were banished to the Cold Palace by the Emperor Heaven. That is your fate. Rather than accepting such a fate, why don't you convert to me and worship me? In the future, your position will be even higher than Ming Fei's." As he spoke, Gu Chensha clasped his hands in front of his chest.

The air around them began to collapse, and all of the light was suppressed. In the middle of it appeared an enormous crystal sphere, within which Ming Fei Wu Dangkong was trapped. She struggled left and right in an attempt to break the seal and escape.

"It's useless, Wu Dangkong. This seal of mine is the highest secret sealing technique I've comprehended from the Dragonless Heart Technique. It's all in preparation for sealing the Emperor Heaven. Since you're the Emperor Heaven's concubine, I'll use you to extract the secrets of the Emperor Heaven." Gu Chensha clenched his fist, and the crystal sphere shrank even further.

This sealing technique was indeed the latest one he'd come up with. It was used to extract Wu Dangkong's Ming Fei's Origin, but it wouldn't kill Wu Dangkong. Instead, it would make Wu Dangkong suffer a fate worse than death.

Gu Chensha couldn't use all of his strength to deal with Wu Dangkong. He still had to guard against all aspects. Most of his strength was used to suppress the Divine Prefecture and resist the appearance of the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha. He also had to guard against the Emperor Heaven, the Underworld, the Primal Chaos, the Zenith Heaven, the East Flower, and the Wisdom Heavenly Kings. In fact, he hadn't even used one-tenth of his strength to deal with Wu Dangkong. But Wu Dangkong didn't have the slightest ability to fight back in front of him.

"Extract!"

Gradually, an hour passed. Wu Dangkong, who was struggling in the crystal sphere, had gradually weakened. With a thought from Gu Chensha, the crystal sphere suddenly began to spin at a high speed.

Even the heavens couldn't resist the suction from this high-speed spinning crystal sphere. Wu Dangkong let out a miserable scream.

"Ah!" Suddenly, a source that was more dazzling than the sun and moon flowed out from Wu Dangkong's body. The crystal sphere grew brighter and brighter, as if a second sun had been born.

"Not bad. Concubine Ming's source is indeed an immortal resource. It's extremely mysterious. After I obtain it and fuse it into the Dragonless Gourd, the gourd will improve further.

This source can also be put to better use, allowing me to quickly refine the Sacrificial Decree and advance to the Celestial Lord Realm. "Gu Chensha said in front of Wu Dangkong.

"Die!"

Wu Dangkong's rage seemed to be able to burn everything. She thought back to how she had been suppressed ever since she had started cultivating. The rage in her heart had reached a level that could destroy the heavens and earth. She suddenly let out a long roar, almost burning all of her essence, energy, and soul. "Emperor Of Heaven, Heavenly Dao, I am willing to give up everything I have. I will fall into the Seamless Abyss forever. I will drag this Gu Chensha down with me. I swear on my identity as Concubine Ming that I will give up everything."

Following Wu Dangkong's oath, something seemed to have taken effect. Unknowingly, an indescribable substance seeped into it. Bang!

Suddenly, Gu Chensha felt the power within the crystal sphere go out of control and explode. He actually couldn't control it.

"Very good."

Gu Chensha did not panic in the slightest in the face of such a change. With a push and a pull, he immediately sent the exploding crystal ball into the space-time turbulence, creating a huge ripple in the depths of the cosmic tide.

This sort of explosion was equivalent to the destruction of the Greater Thousand Worlds. It was extremely powerful, but it couldn't do anything to Gu Chensha. After the explosion in the Cosmic Tide was over, Concubine Ming Wu Dangkong had already disappeared.

"Very good."

Gu Chensha wasn't depressed at all. Instead, he was happy. "Just now, the Emperor Of Heaven made his move. When the Emperor Of Heaven saw that Concubine Ming's source was about to be extracted and captured, he couldn't help but reveal some clues."

He flipped his palm over and extended a finger. On this finger, there was a strange light wriggling, as if it were about to disappear. However, it couldn't completely dissipate, because Gu Chensha had used his own spiritual power to lock it in place. This was a sign that the Emperor Of Heaven had made his move. The Emperor Of Heaven's Technique.

Gu Chensha had caught hold of the Emperor Of Heaven's Technique. With this, Gu Chensha could finally find the whereabouts of the Emperor Of Heaven's reincarnation. In the battle against the Emperor Of Heaven, he wouldn't be at a disadvantage.

"Your Highness, just now …" Old Man Primitive was scared out of his wits.

"That's right. Just now, the Emperor Of Heaven made his move.

This is a good thing. It's easy to dodge a spear in the open, but hard to guard against a stab in the dark. Now that the Emperor Of Heaven has revealed some clues and left a trace of his spiritual power with me, it'll be much easier for me to catch him. Also, with this trace of spiritual power, I can study and deduce many of the Emperor Of Heaven's secret techniques, which will greatly increase my spiritual power and cultivation. "

Gu Chensha seemed to have already calculated this. "Your mission is now complete. Quickly go back and enter the Dragonless Gourd. I will create a True God position for you. You can mix in with the 3,000 True Gods and offer sacrifices while managing them." "Yes."

Old Man Primitive submitted. He knew that if he entered the Dragonless Gourd to cultivate and manage the 3,000 True Gods, he might be able to reach the Divine Prime level in the future.

After sending Old Man Primitive off, Gu Chensha looked at another secret location in the depths of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth.

"Immortal Lord, you're next. Your Prehistoric Civilization's One God System is the quintessence of a mechanical civilization. It even wants to replace the Heavenly Dao. Although it's the crystallization of a civilization, it's impossible to replace the Heavenly Dao. However, once it's in my hands, I can refine and repair it to cover the entire empire. The Yongchō Empire's order will be strengthened by millions of times, and it should be able to suppress the unrest in the divine continent." Gu Chensha's next target was the Immortal Lord.

The Immortal Lord was the most important, and also the woman of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. In fact, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor could even give birth to Gu Huansha.

Gu Chensha wanted to persuade the Immortal Lord to hand over the One God System of the Prehistoric Civilization. Gu Chensha had to get the One God System. Whoosh!

He stepped into the secret dimension and saw a woman, her clothes fluttering in the wind, waiting for him. This woman was none other than the Immortal Lord.

"So you're here."

The Immortal Lord wasn't surprised to see Gu Chensha. "I underestimated you. I didn't think you'd be able to hold on for so long. You even schemed against Heavenly King Jin, obtained the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, and sacrificed three thousand true gods. You're now the Emperor Of Heaven's greatest enemy. If the Emperor Of Heaven wants to rule the world, establish the Heavenly Court, and take control of the myriad worlds, he'll have to eliminate you. There's no doubt about it." "Since you know that, why don't you give me the One God System?"

Looking at the immortal lord, Gu Chensha continued, "You don't have much use for the System of the One God. Only I can repair it. Besides, if you join the side of the Emperor of Heaven, you won't get any benefits. In fact, because of your relationship with Grand Emperor Heaven-Talisman, the dao of heaven will definitely not tolerate you." 。 a