Chapter 373
===========

Since ancient times, divine power and royal power had always clashed. Wise and valiant human emperors had tried their best to restrict divine power, even going so far as to destroy temples and hunt down and kill the believers of the gods.

The famous emperors of the Divine Continent, such as the Emperor Wu, had once destroyed the temples of the gods and ordered the people not to believe in religion. They could only submit to the imperial power. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor was even more amazing, directly sealing the gods.

This was a different kind of god-bestowment. It wasn't a bestowment of the gods, but a sealing of them.

"I've studied history for a long time. At the beginning of the empire's development, divine power was more important than anything else. No voices of opposition were allowed, and everything was dictated. This allowed all the power to be gathered and developed. The gods' vision far surpassed that of mortals, and they guided mortals onto the right path. Otherwise, mortals would walk on their own, killing each other and wasting their own strength. When civilization no longer needs the guidance of gods, gods will disappear. But now, gods must exist." Jing Qiu said, "Actually, isn't the Yongchō of the Divine Continent the same?

Gu Taxian guided everything, but now that he's gone into seclusion, it's not as if he didn't want to investigate. He wants to see if the civilization he created can operate on its own without him.

Unfortunately, it doesn't seem possible. On the path of creating a civilization, there are no precedents. Any powerful existence can only fumble about on their own. That is the greatest form of cultivation. "

Many of the Jing Family disciples listened quietly. They felt that this family head's words were filled with profound truths.

"The Jing Family has completely failed in the Divine Continent. I was defeated by the previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang. It's not embarrassing. "

Jing Qiu didn't seem dispirited at all. "Next, don't think about revenge. Use your own methods and strategies to expand the Sama Empire in the desert. There's plenty of time in the future to rebuild the Jing Family's former glory." "Yes, sir!"

The Jing Family members all knew that the Sama Empire had been single-handedly cultivated by Jing Qiu. Jing Qiu had created the language, and Jing Qiu was their god. Given Jing Qiu's current strength, he could indeed suppress everything and protect the empire. Even the Dao of Immortals and Mystical Sects couldn't do anything to him. Dao Realm 25 Transformation Undying Body had the right to do so.

"Don't underestimate government affairs. It's a good opportunity for cultivation," Jing Qiu warned again.

"We all know. Don't worry, Patriarch." Everyone said.

"Patriarch, if you can fuse the profound mysteries of the Imperial Star into your body, you'll be as strong as a Lord of Six Stars."

Jing Fanxing said, "The Myrtle Imperial Star is one of the most powerful stars. It possesses unfathomable power and can rule over the mortal realm." "This Star Profound is extremely hard to refine, but I have my ways."

Jing Qiu glanced at Jing Fanxing. "Don't worry, if you can comprehend the Path of Divergent within three years, Not only will you recover your strength, but you will also have the strength to kill Gu Chensha. " "Comprehending a divergent?

Hahahaha … "At that moment, a voice sounded out. Following that, the layers of formations did not react at all, allowing a young man to enter.

This young man was wearing normal hemp clothes and hemp shoes. He looked really simple and didn't look like a mortal cultivator at all.

"Fa Wuxian." Jing Qiu knew who it was right away.

Fa Wuxian's temperament was completely different from before. In the past, he was the number one in the world, looking down on all heroes, peerless in the divine path. But now, he was on a different plane from the many spaces. He seemed to be in a trance, as if he existed, but also as if he didn't exist.

"Mr. Jing Qiu is really powerful. He actually dared to start a rebellion. It's a pity that he met Zhuge Ya and failed at the last step. Even I feel sorry for him, but he still has a backup plan. He has built such a huge empire in the desert.

Fa Wuxian stood in the air with his arms behind his back. "I came today to take some things from you.

I want the profoundness of the Myrtle Imperial Star. Also, I want a portion of your Azure Dragon bloodline and Gou Chen bloodline. "

"Hahahaha …" Jing Qiu laughed very happily, "Fa Wuxian, you're really interesting. You're actually demanding an exorbitant price and want these things. Then what did you bring for me?" "Me?

I'll help you build this empire and expand it. Moreover, if you and I work together, we won't have to fear Zhuge Ya and the Calm Immortal Department. We can even kill them. How about it? Apart from this, I can also use our Legalism's supreme treasure, the Unified Cutting Technique Hoop.

With the help of this treasure, there's hope of killing Zhuge Ya, right? "Fa Wuxian's tone did not allow anyone to go against him.

The Legalists' true treasure for suppressing destiny was something equivalent to the Life's Wish sphere. It was the Unified Cutting Ring. This ring was created by the Legalists' Sage using his own bones. It had been nurtured for thousands of years by the Legalists for generations.

It had reached an unprecedented level and was not inferior to the Life's Wish Sphere. In fact, it might even surpass it. Of course, this was also why the Life's Wish Sphere had not been perfected.

The core of the Legalism School was the world within the hoop. It was called the Omniscient Law Realm, and it had the wondrous ability to rotate the universe.

"Fa Wuxian, you don't need the Omniscient Law Ring, and you can't promise me anything. As for your help, it's useless to me. What kind of treasure is the profoundness of the Myrtle Imperial Star? The Azure Dragon bloodline and Gou Chen bloodline are also supreme bloodlines. Do you really think that I, Jing Qiu, am a stray dog? " "Is that not the case?"

Fa Wuxian's eyes were filled with mockery. "The Jing Clan has already been erased from the Divine Prefecture. The other disciples have either been locked up or killed. They're all going through trials. In the eyes of the various aristocratic families, the Jing Clan has no chance of making a comeback. This time, even Wu Dangkong didn't say much. She seems to have reached some sort of agreement with Zhuge Ya. Actually, I'm here today to obtain the Myrtle Imperial Star. Azure Dragon bloodline and Gou Chen bloodline, you have to give them to me even if you don't want to. If you don't, I don't mind wiping your Sama Empire from the desert.

"How dare you." Jing Qiu nodded. "You're not here to cooperate, you're here to threaten me."

"It's understandable that Mister Jing Qiu thinks that way. You're a stray dog now, and it seems like you don't have the chance to negotiate with me. I'd like to capture you and exchange some things with the Calming Fairy Department," Fa Wuxian said indifferently.

"You are now at Dao Realm 22, Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth."

Jing Qiu's expression calmed down. He was even calmer than Fa Wuxian. "Your talent is that of a Natural Saint, so you were pretty much invincible the moment you were born. Your cultivation is similar to Jing Fanxing, but with your cultivation, you are definitely no match for me. Even if you are a Natural Saint."

"It seems like Mr. Jing Qiu has underestimated Natural Saints. You underestimated Zhuge Ya, which is why you ended up in such a state.

You underestimated me, and today will be the day you die. "A cruel smile appeared on Fa Wuxian's face.

"Fa Wuxian, you are far weaker than Zhuge Ya. Do you think I lost to Zhuge Ya?

Actually, I lost to Jiang Gongwang and Zhuge Ya's Lord of Seven Stars working together. Jiang Gongwang's cultivation is the King of Saints and he is even stronger than your Dharma Saint. I admit that I lost to him, but sooner or later, I will take revenge. As for you, you can't even compare to Zhuge Ya. Since you actually came to find me, then I will kill you.

I'm not even afraid of Gu Taxian and rebelled. Do you think I will be afraid of a small legalist? "Jing Qiu suddenly sighed.

He stood up abruptly and walked like a dragon or tiger. The wind blew and the clouds scudded as he threw a punch at Fa Wuxian.

His left fist was the World Flipping Fist, but his right fist was different. It was the World Creation Fist.

Everything he had done in the Divine Land had turned the world upside down and thrown the universe into chaos. What he had done in the desert was to create the universe and create civilization.

This was his true trump card. He hadn't used it against Zhuge Ya because he knew that even if he did, it would be useless. But now, he attacked Fa Wuxian. Whoosh!

Fa Wuxian felt two completely different fist techniques wrap around him. It was as if he were facing the boundless might of heaven and the power of yin and yang.

"This guy is powerful. His undying body is really powerful."

Fa Wuxian didn't look down on Jing Qiu at all. Although his tone was disdainful, he was actually fully focused on defending against Jing Qiu. But when Jing Qiu's fist technique came, he felt like he was completely surrounded by raging waves.

"Dharma Blessing!"

He activated his own defense. Countless talismans gathered around him. No matter how Jing Qiu attacked, he didn't move.

But when Jing Qiu's fist technique passed, he found that he was already tens of thousands of miles away on the sea.

Jing Qiu had used his supreme dharma power to avoid fighting in the Sama Empire and hurting his subjects.

"Jing Qiu, I can't believe you used your dharma power to move our battlefield to the sea. It seems that you have a lot of misgivings." Fa Wuxian laughed. "It seems that you are very afraid that I will kill your subjects."

"That's right. The Sama Empire is a country that I have painstakingly managed for a long time. God's sheep and God's crops can only be carefully cared for. You won't understand that."

Jing Qiu looked at Fa Wuxian quietly. "Fa Wuxian, with your abilities, if you don't fight me head-on and focus on destroying my country, I'm afraid it will really cause a destructive blow. Hence, I can't allow you to do that. My desire to kill you has surpassed Minister Jing Xian because you have already crossed my bottom line." "I want to capture you, too."

Fa Wuxian spread his arms wide. "You were defeated at the hands of the Jing Xian Si. If I can't even deal with you, how can I possibly wipe them out?

But don't worry, I'll throw the world into chaos and oppose Gu Taxian. That's exactly what I want to do. "