Chapter 844
===========

These days, Gu Chensha had been calculating and studying many things about the future Heavenly Court.

He had more or less figured out the structure of the future Heavenly Court. For example, the Master of the Sun and Moon, the Nine Heavenly Kings, and then the many True God officials, immortal officials, gods, and immortals under them. They all had their own duties and positions, forming an extremely large operational governing body.

Other than that, the subordinates of the Heavenly Court, the Four Barren Lands, which protected the Heavenly Court, were divided into many feudal vassals.

Then there was the Human Realm, Monster Realm, Demon Realm, Immortal Realm, also known as the Scattered Immortal Realm, and the Underworld.

In the future structure, it definitely wouldn't be like the present, where humans and monsters lived together and gods and demons were in chaos.

The future Human Realm was the Human Realm. It was also extremely huge, but everyone was human. If a powerful cultivator was born and cultivated to the Dharmic Power Realm, they would ascend to the Immortal Realm. The monsters and demonic cultivators in the Human Realm were the same, but they would ascend to the Monster Realm and Demon Realm.

The Underworld was where after people died, their souls would enter and be divided into good and evil to undergo reincarnation.

Of course, it wasn't just humans. Immortals, demons, monsters, and gods were the same. Even the immortal officials of the Heavenly Court would be sent to the Underworld to be tortured and reincarnated everywhere.

This was the structure of the future Heavenly Court. There would be many powerful people in the future Heavenly Court. They would form a force that could suppress the heavens and then gather as one to stabilize the order.

After careful calculation and research, Gu Chensha also felt that the order established by the future Heavenly Court was very stable and had almost no loopholes. However, Gu Chensha felt that this kind of order and structure wasn't what he wanted, and it definitely wasn't an eternal structure. Instead, it was a kind of stagnant water where all living beings couldn't rise up and their fates were fixed. Generation after generation, they were like puppets that couldn't do anything about it.

However, the strongest fighting force in the Heavenly Court, those above the Sky Primordial Realm, other than the Nine Heavenly Kings and the Master of the Sun and Moon, were the Emperor Of Heaven's harem, which consisted of four concubines and one empress.

Wu Dangkong was Concubine Ming and would have great power in the future, even controlling the overall situation of the Imperial Court.

However, the most powerful one was not Concubine Ming, nor was it the other concubines. It was the Emperor Of Heaven's wife, the Empress.

The Empress of Heaven was very mysterious. It was rumored that she and the Emperor Of Heaven controlled the movement of the universe together. Even with Gu Chensha's current cultivation, the Emperor Of Heaven and the Empress of Heaven and Earth were very vague. He couldn't find any clues at all.

However, Gu Chensha wasn't in a hurry. As he succeeded step by step and his cultivation increased, all of these could be deduced one by one.

As long as he became an Empyrean, his cultivation base would completely break away from the Heavenly Dao and become his own entity. Then, the Emperor Of Heaven would become clear.

"In just a month, I will be able to use the sacrifices of the 3,000 True Gods to break through to the Dao Realm 36 Transformation. At that time, I will be able to swallow Primordial Dragon Sect and also subdue the Sect Jin King.

After devouring the power of the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Land, it would be easy for me to devour the Hong Meng Tree and the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree. If nothing goes wrong with my plan, I will be able to become a Heavenly Lord on the 36th year of the Heavenly Talisman and compete with the Heavenly Emperor.

The Emperor Of Heaven needs the cooperation of the people around to build the Heaven Court. I will wipe out the Master of the Sun and Moon, his concubines, and the Nine Heavenly Kings. Let's see how he will build the Heaven Court then. "

Gu Chensha knew that no matter how strong one was in the world, there were still traces to be found. When the Emperor Of Heaven appeared, he had to follow certain rules.

"The world is unpredictable and it really dazzles one's eyes." Jing Fanxing suddenly said, "Minister, everything I did in the past was a huge mistake.

As a result, I acknowledged a traitor as my father and wasted my great talents and time, causing my source of power to be snatched away and helping that traitor Jing Qiu. Now, I have completely woken up and am willing to do things for the Calming Immortal Department to reverse the heavens.

Since the heavens gave me the Heavenly King identity but took it away, then I don't want it anymore. I want the heavens to understand that this was a mistake.

Your cultivation is now comparable to the Emperor Of Heaven. With just a small trick, you can make me cultivate once more. I swear that I will kill Jing Qiu for you and take over Desolate Desert. I hope that you can give me this chance. "

While speaking, Jing Fanxing knelt on the ground and kowtowed. He was really sincere and there was no falsehood at all.

Gu Chensha could see that Jing Fanxing had successively encountered many setbacks and had finally worn out his temper. From the depths of his heart, he had firmly decided to join the Calming Immortal Department. From then on, he would be dead set on doing things, even willing to start as a minor official. Fa Wuxian lowered his head and his heart was filled with hesitation.

As for the Emperor Wu, he didn't move and didn't express his opinion. He was now a normal person and all his cultivation was gone. He became the Common People's Marquis, but he didn't have the intention to follow you wholeheartedly. He was still waiting for a series of opportunities.

"I can see that you are sincere." Gu Chensha said to Jing Fanxing, "Since that is the case, then I will do as you wish."

While speaking, a streak of light buffed Jing Fanxing's body, causing him to stand up in the air. He turned into a streak of light and entered the Little Hongmeng Tree.

"I will help this Jing Fanxing rebuild his foundation. In the future, he will work under Zhuge Ya."

Gu Chensha said to Fa Wuxian and the Emperor Wu, "This person actually has great luck on him. Although he lost the Heavenly King Source, his heart suddenly became clear. As a result, he obtained something even more precious than the Heavenly King Source, which is freedom. This is because he let go of the shackles of fate. From now on, his fate will not be controlled by the Heavenly Dao and he will be free. This is the nature of humans. Humans are the spirit of all living things and their hearts are something even more brilliant than the Heavenly Dao. The Heavenly Dao also fears the human heart, so it planted all sorts of shackles in it to control it. If anyone can break these shackles, they will be able to obtain true freedom and not be a slave. Unfortunately, all of you are still immersed in the glory of the past and are reluctant to part with your old fate. How sad. Once all of you wake up, you can apply for it at any time. " Gu Chensha waved his hand and let Fa Wuxian and the Emperor Wu go back to being servants. The setup was complete. All that was left was to wait for the opportunity to reel in the net.

At this very moment, in the depths of the vast starry sky, there was a blazing ball of fire at the highest point. This ball of fire was the amalgamation of many Greater Thousand Realms, forming a Greater Thousand Realm. This was the Grand Sun, the sun. The place of light in the Heavenly Realm.

Even a Heavenly Longevity Realm cultivator would not be able to enter this Grand Sun. As long as one was a few hundred million li from the edge of the Grand Sun, they would be refined.

At this moment, in the center of the Grand Sun, a place that even Heaven's Primal cultivators could not reach, there was a person sitting cross-legged in cultivation. This was the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha.

Only the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, could enter the Grand Sun. Apart from him, even the Heavenly Kings were powerless.

Dou Yiyu had experienced being dragged into the Grand Sun by the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha. That was actually an illusion, a scene that Gu Chensha had used a supreme technique to simulate. Of course, the real Grand Sun was more or less the same as the scene Gu Chensha had simulated.

In the depths of the Grand Sun, there were many treasures. Unfortunately, since ancient times, no one had been able to enter. The scale of the Grand Sun was equivalent to many ordinary Great Thousand Realms combined.

And at this moment, this huge Grand Sun had completely become the private property of the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha.

Moreover, no one could disturb Gu Tiansha's cultivation here. This was because he could not even get close to the Grand Sun, let alone enter the core of the Grand Sun.

Thinking about it, the Heavenly Realm was almost endless and was called the Endless Continent. However, this Grand Sun could shine its light to every corner. Such power was unimaginable.

If Gu Tiansha could use the full power of the Celestial Realm's Great Sun, then the current Gu Chensha wouldn't be a match for him. Unfortunately, he couldn't use its full power, not even a thousandth of it. But he could use the treasures in the Grand Sun to expand his business. Rumble!

In the depths of the Grand Sun, above Gu Tiansha's head, countless vortexes were spinning violently. They were all sacrificial power.

Gu Tiansha had captured many people from the Great Thousand Realms and even subdued many Heavenly Venerables. He had obtained the sacrificial power of many Great Thousand Realms.

"It's still not enough. The sacrificial power is huge, but it's not pure enough. It lacks some crucial spirituality!"

While refining the sacrificial power, Gu Tiansha suddenly roared, and the sacrificial power collapsed. "These people from the Great Thousand Realms are inferior to the people of the divine continent. In the hearts of the divine continent's people, there is a potential that even the Heavenly Dao fears. If I could refine this potential, why would I be afraid of Gu Chensha? I could even directly suppress and kill the Emperor Of Heaven. What a pity, what a pity!

The control of the divine continent, the people of the divine continent worship Gu Chensha, the Tranquil Immortal Department, the Yongchō, and Gu Taxian! "

Gu Tiansha frowned. "No, I have to quickly cultivate to the Heavenly Venerable Realm and attack the divine continent to obtain the sacrificial power of the people. Otherwise, I will be surpassed by Gu Chensha sooner or later.

Gu Chensha has grasped the sacrificial power of the divine continent's people and gradually refined immortal resources from them. " Now, Gu Tiansha was stuck at the most critical breakthrough point, a bottleneck.

If Gu Tiansha broke through to the Heavenly Venerable Realm, his cultivation base would skyrocket by tens of times, and he could use the power of the sun and moon more. He could start a war, attack the divine continent, occupy land, and plunder the people. Even Gu Chensha would not be able to do anything. But right now, he could not break through. At this moment.

Suddenly, a circle of light appeared behind Gu Tiansha. This circle of light seemed to be the source of the sun, the essence of the sun, the original core of the Great Thousand Realms.

Other than that, within this circle of light, there was a deep cold white light. That was the original essence of the moon.

These two great essences directly entered Gu Tiansha's body, causing Gu Tiansha to suddenly break through some kind of supreme bottleneck and directly become an Anomaly. Then, waves of Heavenly Venerable aura rose from his body.

"What?

The most fundamental core of the sun and moon actually seeped into my body? "Gu Tiansha himself did not expect this.