Chapter 269
===========

"These people from the Sima Family are interesting."

Gu Chensha walked on the small path in the village. It was spring and in the blink of an eye, four years had passed. He was now 18.

Since the 14th year, when he obtained the decree, he was just a normal prince with the strength to truss a chicken. Now, he could use the Heaven Dao and move mountains. The changes were huge.

The world became more and more prosperous and it wasn't affected by Heaven Talisman Emperor's secluded meditation.

Large-scale construction had begun among the people. Even the small roads in the countryside had begun to be paved with stone. Schools had been built in all the major provincial capitals and prefectures. They taught for free, and students were also provided with food and lodging. Outstanding students would be rewarded handsomely every year, and some might even become rich.

In the school, students studied civil and martial arts, engineering, manufacturing, agriculture, and even political affairs and strategies. They were open-minded, and the school was coeducational. There were many talents among the girls.

"Originally, there were many objections to the idea of a coed school and the girls had to learn martial arts.

However, Imperial Father made Wu Dang Kong the Minister of State Supervisor of the Upper Study. It seems like he has the intention of setting an example.

Gu Chensha secretly pondered in his heart, Wu Dang Kong is a woman, it is not good for her to brazenly destroy father's national policy. As he walked, Gu Chensha was delighted.

During this half a year, he walked the streets and searched for people who reincarnated from the stars. His Common People Heaven Mending Technique was close to completion and the energy and mental energy in his body had been cleansed. He could break through to Dao Realm Transformation 12 at any time.

During these four years, he improved really quickly. Now, he wasn't in a rush to break through. Instead, he was accumulating and brewing. Coming into contact with common people was the best training. He even came into contact with some ways to rule a country.

For example, sometimes people were destroyers of heaven and earth, but most of the time, they could protect the order of heaven and earth, govern the mountains and rivers, and balance Yin and Yang. When Yin and Yang were in chaos, heaven and earth wouldn't be peaceful either. The purpose of humans was to spin Yin and Yang and to create good fortune.

Gu Chensha strolled on the small path in the village. Spring was in the air and beside the road were rice fields. Water and green seedlings flowed by one by one. There were also farmers who were busy in the fields.

This place was beautiful and filled with people. Energy flowed underground and formed a natural formation. It was like a flood dragon was swimming around. It was a decent place. As he walked, he suddenly heard someone singing.

"My hands fill the fields with green seedlings, and when I lower my head, I see the sky and water in the sky. My six roots are pure and clear, and retreating turns out to be advancing."

When Gu Chensha heard this song, he suddenly felt that it contained a profound meaning. He immediately looked over and saw a middle-aged man transplanting rice seedlings. He quickly asked, "Uncle, what song are you singing?" "Oh, so it's a scholar."

The middle-aged man raised his head and looked at the farmer respectfully. The scholar had a high status in the imperial court, and the farmer did not dare to slight him, "This song was written by a scholar who lived at the foot of the mountain not far from here. His name was Zhuge Ya. His family owned a hundred acres of fertile land, and several fruit trees. He was considered a well-off family. However, this scholar did not go out to become an official. He stayed at home to take care of his family business, and had two or three servants to serve him. His parents died young." "Zhuge Ya?"

Gu Chensha had never heard of this name before. It seemed like he was just an ordinary Elementary Scholar. Based on his family background, he could be considered to be slightly wealthy. However, the poem he wrote was rather interesting. Gu Chensha wanted to pay him a visit.

At that point, he clasped his hands and thanked the middle-aged man. He then walked towards the foot of the mountain where the scholar Zhuge Ya lived.

In the distance, there was a mountain. It wasn't very tall, and there were fruit trees growing on it. A few streams flowed down from the mountain, forming a small pond, nourishing the farmland below.

The seedlings in this farmland were luxuriant, and far exceeded the other paddy fields. It was unknown what kind of mystical method was used.

"This is the Nine Tunes Milky Way Formation. It draws the water from the river, and it bends and turns. It converges into a pond, and gathers spiritual energy. It seems like the person who lived in seclusion here is not ordinary." Gu Chensha observed and was interested.

At the foot of the mountain, there was a house made of green bricks. It was built in a classical style, and there were chickens, ducks and geese by the side. There were even a few big yellow dogs and cats playing around. It was a warm and peaceful life in the countryside. Looking at it made one's heart feel at peace.

Gu Chensha observed as he walked. He saw a young boy waiting by the roadside. When he saw him approaching, he hurriedly clasped his hands, "An esteemed person has arrived. I have been waiting for you under the orders of my master." "Oh? Your master knew that I was coming? "

Gu Chensha was taken aback. This time, he was traveling casually. Just now, he had a sudden idea. When he heard the song, he decided to pay a visit to the place where the Elementary Scholar lived. How could he have been predicted, and even sent someone to wait for him?

"Last night, my master was observing the heavenly phenomena. He realized that the ecliptic had shifted, the equatorial had returned to normal, the green had vibrated, and the purple had rotated. This corresponded to the earth's meridians. He knew that an esteemed person would come today."

This young boy was extremely calm as he spoke. He spoke with fervor and assurance. What he was talking about was extremely profound and profound. This caused Gu Chensha to be even more surprised.

This young boy was only seven or eight years old, and yet he was so knowledgeable. It was rare to see someone like him. Both his eyes flickered, and he realized that this young boy was a genius. This was shocking.

Even the Black Heaven Earth Sect, a sect as powerful as the Black Heaven Earth Sect, would want to fight for such a genius. How could he be a young boy in a commoner's household? He did not make a sound, and waited to see what would happen.

"If that's the case, please lead the way." The young boy clasped his hands, "Mister, please follow me."

Before long, the two of them arrived at the courtyard of a house at the foot of the mountain. A man walked out from the house. He was dressed in white and held a feather fan in his hands. He was about twenty-four or twenty-five years old. When he saw Gu Chensha, he laughed out loud, "Nineteenth Prince has graced us with your presence. Please forgive me for not welcoming you earlier." "How did Mister know that I am the Nineteenth Prince?"

Gu Chensha was even more shocked. This young man in white actually gave him a feeling that he was extremely intelligent.

"I may be from the mountains, but I know the general situation of the world. If I could not recognize the son of a dragon and the grandson of a phoenix, wouldn't I be blind?"

The young man in white, Zhuge Ya, instructed, "Young boy, bring a tea table into the courtyard. I have business to discuss with Monarch Chen." The young boy was nimble and quickly prepared the table and tea.

Gu Chensha did not stand on ceremony and sat down. He was somewhat puzzled. He had not reported Zhuge Ya's origins, which meant that this person was just an ordinary scholar.

"Mister's divination skills can be said to be wondrous. You actually knew that I would come and sent a young boy to wait for me on the road. I won't hide it from you, but I am familiar with the immortal dao. Those who can predict this matter must be old fogies of the immortal dao," Gu Chensha said truthfully.

"There is another explanation for this."

Zhuge Ya waved his feather fan. "Your Highness has been searching the Langzhou for half a year. Are you looking for the reincarnated Xing Chen?" "You even know about this?"

Gu Chensha's gaze deepened and he suddenly smiled. "So you're the reincarnated Xing Chen. No wonder you have such remarkable abilities. May I ask which star you're the reincarnated from?"

Back in the Wuzhou Prefecture, the manservant had activated the mysteries of the reincarnated Martial Star. Many experts had discovered and fought over him, almost losing his life.

But now, if Zhuge Ya, who was dressed in white and had a feather fan, was a reincarnated Xing Chen, yet he did not move at all, then his strength was far above that of the Martial Star's reincarnated manservant.

"What would happen if I were the reincarnated Xing Chen?" Zhuge Ya smiled.

"You're a great genius, sir."

Gu Chensha looked around. "Although you come from a well-to-do family, you're still far from the level of some rich country gentlemen. You must've been ordinary in the past. After obtaining the mysteries of the reincarnated Xing Chen and gaining incredible arts, you can still live in poverty and maintain your purity. That's rare." "I, too, would like to leave my mountain and do great things."

Zhuge Ya waved his feather fan. "But when you look at the world, the people are at peace and prosperity. There's no one worthy of my support." His words were very magnanimous.

Gu Chensha's eyes shone brightly as he looked over. It was as if he wanted to see Zhuge Ya clearly. However, all he could see was a sea of stars. He could not see him clearly at all.

"Sir Zhuge, I'm afraid you're not the reincarnated Xing Chen." Gu Chensha had picked up on some clues. "That's why you're so mysterious." "I'm the Lord of Seven Stars."

Zhuge Ya didn't try to hide anything. "In the sixteenth year of the heavenly talisman, the stars fell. Heaven and earth trembled, and a black aura swallowed up the sun. Seven of them landed on my body, and I immediately gained enlightenment. Over the past year, I've unwittingly gained enlightenment of all sorts of profound mysteries.

"Lord of Seven Stars!?"

Gu Chensha was so shocked he shot to his feet. The Lord of Seven Stars was like Fa Wuxian, Wen Hong, a true natural-born Saint. People like that could only be encountered by chance, not sought out. If Zhuge Ya really was the Lord of Seven Stars, then it wouldn't be strange for him to be able to scheme like this. To this day, Gu Chensha still doubted whether or not it was true.

The Lord of Seven Stars was far more powerful than the Martial Song Star's reincarnated manservant. There was no way a bunch of old-timers could divine her. By the time the Lord of Seven Stars was born, she would have already made a name for herself.

"Sir Zhuge, you're actually the Lord of Seven Stars. That means you're a natural-born Saint."

Gu Chensha took the opportunity to bow. "Our Calming Immortal Department is in need of talented people. I wouldn't dare to send you out on a mission, but I'd like to invite you to assist us as an honored guest. What do you say?"

As soon as Zhuge Ya revealed his identity, Gu Chensha immediately tried to recruit him. If he could recruit this person, the Calming Immortal Department's strength would increase tenfold.

After all, among the seventy-two profound gates of the Immortal Dao, no natural-born Saint had ever appeared.

Gu Chensha knew that there were only three natural-born Saints. The first was Fa Wuxian, the second was Wen Hong, and the third was the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. And now, Zhuge Ya, the Lord of Seven Stars, had appeared.

Actually, the Calming Immortal Department's foundation was shallow, and they needed to recruit talented people. Presumably, Zhuge Ya had been waiting for him for some reason.

"Your Highness, what do you think of magical techniques? What are natural-born magical techniques good for?

Heaven and earth have Daos, and life and death are decreed by fate. Cultivating magical techniques is a defiance of the Heavens.

Mortals cultivate spells and use their supernatural powers to fight against the Way of Heaven. If that's the case, why did the Way of Heaven give birth to spells? "Zhuge Ya did not accept Gu Chensha's invitation.

When Gu Chensha heard this, he knew that Zhuge Ya was inquiring about his ideals, and whether or not they were worth assisting.

People like that couldn't be suppressed by force. The only way to recruit them was by agreeing with their ideals.

"Natural-Born magical techniques can make up for deficiencies.

Humans cultivate magical techniques to harmonize yin and yang, to pacify chaos and eradicate devils. "

Gu Chensha's voice was very calm. "My Dao is the art of the common people mending the Heavens. When the Heavenly Dao is lacking, the common people can make up for it. There is nothing perfect between heaven and earth, not even the great Dao." .....