Chapter 701
===========

"Your Highness, I'm almost done with the Ninety-Nine Divine Land Techniques.

But I feel like there's a will lurking in my body that wants to distort my thoughts. I don't know if it's a restrictive spell set up by Wan Senshi. "Yuhuan Lu seemed to have sensed something too.

"Of course. There's no way your body doesn't have Wan Senshi's restrictive spells. He's waiting for me to take the bait. "

Gu Chensha sneered. "But it doesn't matter. We're using the One Punch to Break All Things. Who cares what it is. Besides, your Divine Land Technique doesn't break the restrictive spells. It's self-abandonment." "I'll do it now?" Yuhuan Lu said.

"I'll pour half of my cultivation into your body. In an instant, you'll be able to push the Divine Land Technique to the level of minor completion."

Gu Chensha said fiercely, "Wan Senshi is still waiting for you to accumulate your strongest power. But we won't give him that chance." Rumble!

In an instant, Gu Chensha sent half of his power into Yu Ring-Lu's body. Then, he activated his supreme mystique and the Divine Continent's Secret Technique.

Actually, this time, he wanted to take advantage of Yuhuan Lu's opportunity to thoroughly comprehend the Divine Land Technique. He wanted to see if his recording was correct.

Once he thoroughly comprehended these things, he could completely grasp Xing Qiongshi's flaws and make plans for taking the God of Five Seasons' position as true god.

If he could thoroughly comprehend the Divine Land Technique, it would be of great help in dealing with Xing Qiongshi in the future. The Divine Land Technique's 100th level. It suddenly burst out of Yuhuan Lu's body.

At that moment, Yu Huanlu's body disappeared from the golden splendor. Then, she fused with the New God Continent. The entire New God Continent experienced an unknown tremor. It was wriggling rapidly as if it had become alive. At this moment, Yu Huanlu was dead. Once she died, all of Wan Senshi's restrictive spells were naturally removed.

The Divine Land Technique's 100th level was truly abandoning oneself and fusing with the Divine Land. This was a sacrifice, a great sacrifice. However, this kind of sacrifice was very magical and mysterious.

Xing Qiongshi had comprehended the 100th level of the Divine Continent's Secret Technique, which was Devour. Gu Chensha, on the other hand, was contemplating Sacrifice.

"This is? Divine Land Revolution! "

The Immortal Master and Wan Senshi, who were in the depths of space-time, were shocked when they saw this.

The Immortal Master's expression changed drastically. "The new divine prefecture you've created is already very similar to the divine prefecture of the Central Continent, and even contains the essence of the divine prefecture. Your original intention was to plunder the destiny and fortune of the divine prefecture of the Central Continent to supplement your new divine prefecture, but who would have thought that it would be used by Gu Chensha?

Xing Qiongshi's cultivation base is about the same as ours. However, if he were to truly master the 100th level of the Divine Continent's Physical Body, there's no way we'd be able to defend against him. That's a technique that's aimed at the Heaven's Essence. I've got to say that Xing Qiongshi is truly an anomaly. " The sphere in Wan Senshi's hand instantly lost all the scenes of New Shenzhou. Then, he completely lost contact with the new Divine Land that he had painstakingly created.

This New Shenzhou no longer belonged to him, or rather, the New Shenzhou had developed its own spirituality and transformation. One miscalculation.

"Damn it." Wan Senshi was furious.

He tore through the boundless space and saw the changes to the New Shenzhou in the Frigid Snow Region.

He was prepared to use his great power to take back the New Shenzhou that he had painstakingly created.

At this time, almost everyone inside the New Shenzhou could sense that all the passages to the New Shenzhou had been closed, as if it had been transformed into some huge living being. No one in the New Shenzhou could leave. They were like turtles in a jar.

At this time, Yuhuan Lu felt as if she no longer existed, yet she truly did exist. This feeling was extremely mysterious, hovering between existence and non-existence. She activated the 100th level of the Divine Land Technique and sacrificed herself.

Clean and efficient, without the slightest bit of hesitation. In truth, during the years she had been imprisoned, she had gained a lot of training, and was ready to sacrifice her life at any time. Compared to Xing Qiongshi, she was very pure.

Although her cultivation wasn't worth mentioning compared to Xing Qiongshi, her willingness to sacrifice and courage for the Divine Land Technique surpassed Xing Qiongshi's.

Of course, Xing Qiongshi's 100th level of the Divine Land Technique was to merge with the real Central Shenzhou, while Yuhuan Lu was only merging with the New Shenzhou. The New Shenzhou was naturally far inferior to the real Central Shenzhou.

Even so, Yuhuan Lu activated the 100th level of the Divine Land Technique and became one with the New Shenzhou, allowing her to reach an unfathomable level.

Originally, with Yuhuan Lu's strength, it would have been impossible for her to activate the 100th level of the Divine Land Technique and merge with the New Shenzhou to use the Path of Sacrifice. However, with Gu Chensha's help, everything would be easy. With Gu Chensha's current cultivation, even a Sage would be unable to do anything to him without using the power of the dimensional realm.

He had endless transformations, and he had even fused all sorts of connate spiritual treasures into his body. The Release Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows had become Buddhist seeds and the Release Source Stream, which had greatly increased his combat power and abilities. One had to know that if this treasure was used properly, it could harm Sky Venerables.

Otherwise, the Supreme Buddha would not have been able to comprehend the teachings of the Buddhist Sect because of this treasure, and thus founded the Buddhist civilization.

One could say that even if the dimensional realm was gone, with his cultivation, even if Gu Chensha didn't have it, even a Dao Realm 36 Transformation Embodiment Realm expert wouldn't be able to harm him.

Of course, with his own strength, it would be tough for him to deal with a 35 or 36 Transformation Embodiment Realm expert.

After all, after reaching the Dao Realm 35 Transformation, the nature of one's power would change. With a flick of one's finger, the power of a speck of dust could turn into a universe. This was a godly power that was close to the Dao.

The final 35 transformations of the Dao Realm, 'Chaos Dust' and the 36 transformations, 'Embodiment Transformation', were the limits of strength. Since the ancient times, it was extremely difficult for even saints to attain them. Once one attained them, one could look down upon all and stand at the peak of the world. After all, there were just too few Sky Venerables.

Since ancient times, Sky Venerables who could transcend the Three Worlds and not be within the Five Elements were extremely rare.

Moreover, because the Heaven Dao feared them, they basically didn't dare to come out and get involved with Karma. Otherwise, they might die. The Empyrean boundary was a variable in itself. To the Heavenly Dao, it was tantamount to rebelling.

Naturally, these people had to keep a low profile. Only when they followed the Heavens would they come out to do some things to reduce the Heaven Dao's hatred towards them. Otherwise, they would be killed. Sky Venerables weren't so carefree and could do whatever they wanted.

"Bold thief, you actually dare to be so arrogant."

At that moment, Wan Senshi's palm had already grabbed the New God Land. His hand covered who knew how many layers of space and how many layers of countries. He totally wrapped up the New God Land which was starting to transform. Even Gu Chensha and Yuhuan Lu couldn't escape from his grasp.

"Xing Qiongshi, I've already experimented with the 100th layer of the New God Land. The results are very good. This proves that my experiment was correct. Why don't you come out and help? If you help us escape successfully, I'll tell you the results of this experiment. "

Gu Chensha knew that Wan Senshi still had a powerful trump card. When fighting against an antique like this, he had to be on guard against his every move. Although Gu Chensha had the power of two dimensional realms, it was still impossible for him to completely defeat this antique.

Moreover, Wan Senshi might join forces with the Immortal Master. If that happened, then even if Gu Chensha had the power of two dimensional realms, he would still have to nurse a grievance.

Moreover, there was still the Dharma Saint, the three Sky Venerables, and some other tyrannical existences eyeing them covetously.

Therefore, Gu Chensha only wanted to rescue Yuhuan Lu this time. At the same time, he wanted to take over the New God Land so that Yuhuan Lu could have her own minor chiliocosm and her cultivation base would increase.

It had to be known that only the Primeval Seventy-Two Mysterious Gates could have their own minor chiliocosm. Many Highgod experts had to work together and accumulate resources for thousands of years before they could cultivate their own minor chiliocosm.

Now, Yuhuan Lu hadn't even become a Highgod, but she already had her own minor chiliocosm. This was a fortuitous encounter that even Fa Wuxian couldn't compare to.

Gu Chensha knew that his experiment this time was a complete success. If Xing Qiongshi wanted it, then he would have to deal with Wan Senshi. Otherwise, he could forget about getting it. RUMBLE!

As expected, Xing Qiongshi seemed to be observing from the shadows. Because he was the creator of the Divine God Land Secret Technique, as long as someone activated the Divine God Land Secret Technique, he would be able to sense it.

Seeing that Gu Chensha and Yuhuan Lu had actually succeeded in their experiment, Xing Qiongshi naturally wanted to gain some experience from it. He definitely wouldn't allow Gu Chensha and Yuhuan Lu to fall into Wan Senshi's hands. This time, he had to make a move. He knew that if he didn't make a move, he would never be able to gain such experience in his entire life.

Xing Qiong Clan's hand appeared, also arriving from the distant depths of space-time, piercing through countless planes and dimensions. With a shake of the sky, it smashed into Immortal Master Wan's hand. Just how powerful was Xing Qiongshi's cultivation base?

As soon as the hand appeared, Wan Senshi's attack was immediately blocked. Gu Chensha immediately unleashed all of his power and fused with Yuhuan Lu. With a long howl, the Minor Chiliocosm of the New Divine God Land shrank dramatically, then turned into a bullet that suddenly broke free of Wan Senshi's control and entered his own dimensional world.

He successfully rescued the Jade Annulus Dew and took the New Divine Prefecture, as well as several Connate Numinous Treasures. There were hundreds of millions of cultivators in the New Divine Prefecture, all of whom were sealed in the New Divine Prefecture and could not come out.

These people would be subdued by Yuhuan Lu one by one, then brainwashed and instilled into the Great People's Universal Purification Scripture.

Just like those people in the Small Divine Land, with so many cultivators added together, it was a huge force of desire and faith, which could push the Jade Bracelet Dew to a terrifying realm. [The mobile app everyone has been waiting for is finally online! The app supports offline reading, no ads, and millions of books are free to read!

Font and brightness adjustment, night mode, reading progress memory, and many other powerful functions. Please follow the official WeChat account to download. Gegegengxin (hold down for three seconds to copy)