Chapter 1001
============

"Father, why do you want to start with me first?"

Zhang Yi Ren was ready to make his move at any moment. He would definitely not give up without a fight. In his heart, he really wanted to devour Zhang Ziran. He did not acknowledge this cheap father of his at all. Moreover, at their level of cultivation, things like family, friendship, and love were all extremely childish and laughable. What they were pursuing now was the path of eternity, the path of transcendence, and the path of continuous evolution. However, Zhang Yi Ren knew that he was probably not Zhang Ziran's opponent.

Originally, a thousand years ago, Zhang Yi Ren felt that his cultivation had surpassed Zhang Ziran and wanted to make his move. However, at that time, the human world suddenly changed. It was restless and expanding, which caused Zhang Ziran's cultivation to rise. Zhang Yi Ren never had the chance to make his move.

Now, although the Human Realm had stopped its restlessness, Zhang Ziran's cultivation had already far surpassed it. He was only one step away from stepping into the Heavenly Dao Realm. All the seven levels of True Immortal Power in his body had transformed into eight levels of Immortal Power.

Even Zhang Yi Ren could not transform all of it. There was still a bit of true immortal power in the heaven realm within his body. If they were to fight, Zhang Yi Ren would definitely not be Zhang Ziran's opponent.

"Zhang Yi Ren, although I'm your father, I'm very clear about your Essence. There are three types of power in your body. The first is the Essence of the Ancient Dao Immortal. The second is the will of that terrifying thing. The third is your own spiritual will. Back then, Gu Chensha transformed you, and poured the Essence and terrifying will of the Ancient Dao Immortal into your body. That was all for the sake of setting up a trap.

"Right now, your will is still unable to completely fight against the essence and terrifying will of the Ancient Dao Immortal. Isn't that right? This is one of the greatest obstacles in your path of cultivation." Zhang Ziran did not attack. Instead, he directly pointed out the crux of the problem.

"Who would have thought that father would know so clearly?" Zhang Yi Ren's eyes were ferocious. It was not his own will, but that scary will.

"That terrifying will is acting up again."

Zhang Ziran said, "That's what I'm worried about. Just now, when I said I wanted to kill you, it wasn't to kill you, Zhang Yi Ren, but to kill the will of the Ancient Dao Immortal and that terrifying thing. If you are Zhang Yi Ren, why would I kill you? " "Father, could it be that you want to help me refine that terrifying will?

As for Gu Daoxian's will, I can easily refine it. However, in order to maintain the complexity of the situation, that terrifying will is still protecting Gu Daoxian's will. " Zhang Yiren said, "If father can help me refine it, I can help father do great things."

"It's good that you have such thoughts. Although our Lord's Imperial Court is flourishing, it's actually filled with danger. For the past thousand years, I've only done my best to maintain the situation.

"In the past thousand years, the Human World has changed. Countless heroes have appeared. Of course, there are also ambitious and ruthless people. These people are all competing for the top. To tell the truth, if it wasn't for me becoming the Human Ancestor and increasing the Human World's power, my position as the Human Ancestor would have long since been taken by others. I would also have been killed.

"So now, no matter how high my cultivation is, it's like walking on thin ice. In the past thousand years, there have been many Ancestors, such as the Buddha Ancestor, the Magic Ancestor, the Dragon Ancestor, the Illusion Ancestor, the Spirit Ancestor, the God Ancestor, the Tyrant Ancestor, the Judge Ancestor … These people have all cultivated to the Heaven Realm. They are all establishing countries and building their faith. They are like hungry wolves that will tear us to pieces as soon as they find an opportunity." Zhang Ziran knew that the situation was not good, so he had to increase his strength.

"Father, this is actually a good thing. The more and more Ancestors appear in the Human World, the more opportunities we have. Think about it, every time we subdue an Ancestor, we can obtain great benefits. If we subdue dozens of Ancestors, how strong will we become?" Zhang Yi Ren's eyes were filled with greed.

"That's right. If we can subdue a Heaven Realm expert and directly seal him in our Heaven Realm, making him pray at all times, our Heaven Realm's power will increase.

At our level, if we want to determine victory or defeat, it's purely based on whose Heaven Realm's power is higher, purer, and more in number. "

Zhang Ziran said, "Alright, I'll try to help you refine the terrifying will and the Ancient Dao Immortal's will in your body." "Yes!"

Zhang Yi Ren sat upright, a flame emitting from the depths of his heart, "Father, these days I've been comprehending the Dragonless Heart Sutra, but I can't comprehend the most crucial point. I'm just relying on my intuition. If I can comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra, I can subdue that terrifying will in the depths of my heart."

"That's right, the Dragonless Heart Sutra is the source of all divine skills. It can sever all karma, destroy all fate. If we can completely comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra, our strength will increase."

Zhang Ziran said, "Furthermore, the Dragonless Heart Sutra is getting more and more profound, how could it give birth to someone like Gu Chensha?" "However, someone like Gu Chensha will not last long." Zhang Yi Ren said.

"His Dragonless Heart Sutra can be used as a reference."

Above Zhang Ziran's head, a pure golden Heaven Realm appeared. This Heaven Realm was made up of eight layers of indestructible energy. It roared and descended, entering Zhang Yi Ren's body, transforming into many Giant Dragons.

"Yi Ren, at a time like this, you must guard your heart and soul tightly. You can't slack off, or you'll die a tragic death."

Zhang Ziran shouted, "The Ancient Dao Immortal's will is nothing. That terrifying thing's will is the key. It might even invade my Heaven Realm. However, I'm going to use this tempering to lay the foundation for me to advance to the Heavenly Dao Realm. As long as I succeed this time, I can completely surpass Emperor Heaven and Gu Huasha in terms of fate energy and cultivation. Even if Gu Huasha calls himself the Nihility Ancestor, so what? This era is not the Era of Nothingness, but the Era of Man." "Ahhh!"

When Zhang Ziran's power entered Zhang Yi Ren's body, Zhang Yi Ren's body immediately let out a miserable cry.

Following that, a black sphere slowly appeared. This black sphere looked like a human head covered in hair. Every strand of hair was like a dragon or snake. Then, the hair spread out, revealing an extremely strange human face. This human face kept changing. Sometimes it was ferocious, sometimes it was angry, sometimes it was happy, and sometimes it was treacherous … Countless emotions continuously changed, and even time and fate were distorted and interfered with.

"Suppress!"

The power within Zhang Yi Ren's body continuously trembled. He used his heart and soul to form a huge prison, wanting to imprison this terrifying human head.

"Refine!"

At this moment, Zhang Ziran activated some of the Human Realm's power, and instantly, a golden furnace appeared.

"Human Realm's Furnace!"

Zhang Ziran's power was much purer than Zhang Yi Ren's power. This was the power of 'Human'. Human occupied the mainstream of this era, it was the highest realm.

"Human Realm's Furnace, Purgatory Fire, Surging Red Dust, Overturning Everything. Human's Dao is unstoppable. This era is the era of humans. Everything must be based on humans. Once I successfully cultivate this Human Realm's Furnace, the will of the Human Realm can melt everything. Even your terrifying will will have to fuse into the Human Realm's Furnace." Zhang Ziran's expression was extremely solemn.

His Human Realm's Furnace enveloped Zhang Yi Ren and the human head. "Yi Ren, you will fight against this terrifying will in this Human Realm's Furnace. With this Human Realm's Furnace, you will be invincible, unless this terrifying will has the power to destroy the Human Realm. But it doesn't, because it hasn't been completely born yet."

"Dragonless Heart Technique, crush everything, change miraculously." Zhang Yi Ren started fighting. His entire body turned into a scripture. The scripture and the human head were fighting against each other.

"You guys are courting death.

The only fate for you and your father is to be possessed by me, to plunder your fate energy and be used by me to deal with Gu Chensha. My only enemy is Gu Chensha. You guys are just like clay chickens and pottery dogs. Trying to deal with my will is simply wishful thinking. Fine, I will let you experience the ninth level of the Undying Realm, the undying power.

Even if it's just a tiny bit, it's not something that low level beings like you can fight against. "The human head in the Human Realm's Furnace said fiercely. Rumble.

After that, the human head emitted an absolute power of nothingness. This power was simply unfathomable. It couldn't be seen or felt, but it was real, causing people to feel despair. For example, you can clearly see a person wielding a sword and rushing towards you. But no matter how you react, you can't touch the corner of that person's clothes. Because to you, the person wielding the sword is illusory, but the person wielding the sword is real to you.

In other words, facing the undying power, all other powers are useless. The ninth level of the Undying Realm, the undying power, can completely destroy all powers. This is the difference between a high level power and a low level power.

Back then, Tian Dao and Gu Taxian were both at the peak of the eighth level of the Undying Realm. They didn't reach the undying realm, but after the two of them combined and brewed, the undying realm was born. It was also the first time the undying realm appeared in front of the universe.

However, Tian Dao and Gu Taxian's realms were the same as Zhang Ziran's. They were both at the peak of the eighth level of the Undying Realm, but the quantity was different.

For example, if the undying power of the eighth level of the Undying Realm was gold, then the gold contained in Zhang Ziran's body was only the size of a sesame seed. Be it Tian Dao or ancient immortals, they were both gold mountains. The difference between the size of a sesame seed and a gold mountain was simply too huge. Although in terms of quality, they were both gold.