Chapter 1048
============

Slow Layout

"I've felt the breath of Mr. Nothing."

Gu Chensha then scanned the area slightly and felt that in the Arcane Kingdom, the breath of Mr. Nothing and the others had also penetrated in. The Arcane Network itself was at the level of the Heavenly Path, it was too different from the Undying Realm. Naturally, he couldn't feel the breath of Mr. Nothing and the others, but Gu Chensha could feel it.

"My plan is almost half successful, but the network power of the Arcane Kingdom is too small, it can't trap Mr. Nothing and the others, but I'll unknowingly strengthen the power of the Arcane Kingdom. In the end, the network power of the Arcane Kingdom will form a huge net and trap these people in it." Gu Chensha's calculation was very sophisticated.

Of course, in fact, he could now directly inject his power into the network of the Arcane Kingdom, but it was easy for Mr. Nothing and the others to find out.

It was better to enhance the power of the whole human race in the Arcane Kingdom, and finally make the Arcane Network transform.

In fact, the most important point was that Gu Chensha didn't want to capture Mr. Nothing and the others to destroy the Arcane Kingdom and turn all the people into ashes.

Because every arcanist in the Arcane Kingdom had awakened the power of the mind, to some extent, it was equivalent to practicing the Dragonless Mind, but it was just a transformation of the Dragonless Mind into arcane magic. Originally, the Dragonless Mind was ever-changing. Whether they could seal Mr. Nothingness and the others in the Arcane Kingdom depended on the layout. Gu Chensha was meticulous in everything, and this time was no exception.

"Meholly, it's not that easy for you to kill me. Now I've also become an arcanist, and I'm a level 100 arcanist, what can you do to me?" Seeing Meholly looking at him fiercely, Gu Chensha deliberately asked.

"Nader."

Meholly's tone calmed down, "I didn't expect you to have an adventure, but it doesn't matter, in the future, I'll let you know what's terrible, I'll put you back into the mortal world, so that you'll be more desperate." "Done."

Hendry stepped forward to stop them, "You've all become arcanists, and all the grievances in the future will be written off. If you want to compete, you'll see who has contributed more to the Arcane Kingdom. Next, our Arcane Kingdom will declare war on many races in the universe, let them surrender to the majesty of our Arcane Kingdom, become our slaves, and create wealth for us." "Yes." Gu Chensha and Meholi both bowed.

Right now, Meholly only had a few dozen stars on his body, which was far inferior to Gu Chensha's Nader.

However, Gu Chensha knew that Meholi's cultivation base would skyrocket, because the gourd inside his body was restless.

"Alright, Nader, you've just become an arcanist. Although your level is very high, you still don't know how to use arcana spells. Go to the Arcana Guild's testing ground first and familiarize yourself with all kinds of arcana spells. After that, you'll have to join the Empire's arcana army. After you've gone on a campaign, the Empire will reward you according to your contributions and you'll get your own personal territory.

You'll also have a personal space to build a Void Arcana Tower for you to research arcana spells, "Hendry said.

"Yes, sir," Gu Chensha replied once more.

"Go, then," Hendry said.

"Flight, Arcana Shield, Rainbow Arcana Technique!" Gu Chensha used the Flight technique on himself. Whoosh! His body and Luo Lan transformed into a streak of rainbow light that disappeared from the Mage Hall.

"Not bad, not bad. He's actually mixing arcana spells together. He was able to unleash three arcana spells in a row in the blink of an eye. What a genius." Many of the Grand Arcanists present saw this and couldn't help but sigh in admiration. Meholi laughed coldly, then transformed into a puff of black smoke and disappeared. This was the Demonic Smoke Escape of the arcana spells. Arcana spells were a system of their own, and they were far more versatile than immortal spells.

"So this is the testing ground."

At that moment, Gu Chensha brought Luo Lan to a huge barren planet. The planet was full of potholes and huge cracks in the ground. In the sky, there were terrifying wormholes that were filled with demonic energy.

"Yes, this is one of the testing grounds of our Arcane Kingdom. Rumor has it that this planet is connected to the Demonic Realm. Countless demons will hear the wormholes and come here. There are also some powerful giant beasts. Many Arcanists kill demons and giant beasts here to hone their arcana spells," Luo Lan said.

"Then let's start honing our arcana spells." Gu Chensha nodded. Roar!

A zombie-like monster crawled out of the crack in the ground. It had a pair of ragged wings on its back and extremely long claws. Its roar was sharp and heart-wrenching.

"This is Yaksha." Luo Lan took the lead. She roared, "Shield!"

Suddenly, an eggshell-shaped cover appeared on her body. There were layers of light films. That was the Arcana Shield. It could protect her body against poisonous gas, flames, cold, physical damage, magic damage, and even all kinds of curses.

As long as the arcana level increased, the Arcana Shield would also increase. In the end, it would be invincible and immortal.

The Arcana Shield was the most important means of all Arcanists in the Arcane Kingdom. It was a necessity.

After setting up the Arcana Shield, Luo Lan pointed and a flame appeared in her hand. The flame quickly spread and turned into a large net. It flew towards the Yaksha.

As soon as the Yaksha came into contact with the fire net, it was immediately burned to the point that its entire body was sizzling and it kept struggling.

"Arcana of the Dead, Deprive, Subdue, Skeleton!"

At that moment, Luo Lan pointed again. Immediately, a deathly aura flew out. The deathly aura wrapped around the Yaksha. Between the crackling sounds, the Yaksha began to shrink. It turned into a thumb-sized skeleton and flew into Luo Lan's hand.

"Nader, you also subdue some demons. Use the Arcana of the Dead to turn the demons into skeletons. When we have our own territory in the future, these skeletons can help us with our work.

Cleaning, dredging the pipes, taking care of the Arcana Tower, planting herbs, and so on. We can't use arcana in daily life. It's not fun to consume your own Arcane Power in daily life, "Luo Lan said. Many of the arcana knowledge she had learned came in handy.

Many Arcana Masters actually did not use arcana in daily life for cleaning, lighting, and so on, because it still consumed Arcane Power. They used puppets to take care of it.

The simplest puppets were the skeletons of the Dead. As for the more complex puppets, they had metal arcana and could directly create liquid metal robots. They had high intelligence and were ever-changing.

"I don't need them. Of course, if you want, I can capture some for you."

If Gu Chensha wanted to use arcana, it would be much more powerful than the Arcana Network. He felt that it was time to improve something. "How about this, Luo Lan, I will increase your arcana level again." Hum …

While talking, Luo Lan only felt that something in the depths of her heart seemed to be opened. Endless spiritual power poured out, and suddenly her arcana level rose steadily. From Level 30, it began to jump directly, Level 300, Level 1000, Level 3000, Level 5000! It only stopped when she reached Level 5000.

"This …" Luo Lan almost fainted again. She was like a penniless beggar, and suddenly an emperor told her to give the empire to her. She became the master of an empire. Level 5000 arcana level was a Sky Origin Realm powerhouse.

"Oh great existence, just who are you?"

At this time, Luo Lan did not believe that the little noble in front of her was Nader. She opened the wisdom in her heart and had already seen that the person in front of her was an existence that surpassed the Arcana Kingdom by many times.

"I'm the creator of the entire human world, the multiverse, the pioneer of the future, the founder of the new world."

Gu Chensha said, "This time I came to the Arcana Kingdom to save the Arcana Kingdom that is about to perish. You know this clearly in your heart. Your arcana level is now Level 5000, but you can choose to hide it. Because such a rapid advancement has exceeded the truth of the Arcana Network, so it will certainly be suspected."

Gu Chensha said, "In the following period of time, you can go on expeditions and make contributions. You will gradually improve. The spiritual potential that I've unlocked for you is sufficient to allow you to reach Rank 10,000 and above in the future. It might even be possible for you to reach 100,000."

"Great existence, I've seen through the fog in the void. You're indeed here to save the Arcana Kingdom. I'll listen to your guidance." At this time, Luo Lan knelt down sincerely. Boom!

At this time, suddenly the wormholes over the entire planet began to squirm one after another, and the demons inside poured out like ants.

"How can there be so many demons?" Luo Lan was shocked.

"It's normal."

Gu Chensha said, "This is Meholly's doing. He has a magic weapon that surpasses the Arcana Kingdom. Although he can't use this magic weapon yet, his mind is gradually eroded by the magic weapon, and he can secretly activate many incredible powers. Now he's activating these powers to kill us.

But it's a good opportunity for you to take the opportunity to hone your skills. After this hone, you can legitimately activate stronger powers. " "Okay."

Luo Lan saw the overwhelming number of demons and began her performance. First, she used fire arcana. With a wave of her hands, suddenly countless flames flew out, and a large number of demons were burned to death. The flames were like a tornado, wherever they went, the place was fragmented. That was a fire arcana spell that was more than Level 100, Flame Tornado.

Some demons weren't burned to death. She moved her hands again and formed an arcana formation. She bound those powerful demons that weren't burned to death and began to sacrifice them to the Arcana Network. That's right, it was a sacrifice.

It was similar to when Gu Chensha used the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman to kill some demons and sacrificed them to the Way of Heaven to gain power. After the sacrifice, Luo Lan gained more favor from the Arcana Network.

"Hmm?" Gu Chensha's heart moved, and he found that there were evil eyes peering at them.