Chapter 521
===========

"You know quite a lot, but that's not a good thing for you."

Wu Dangkong's tone was even colder. It seemed like she didn't like people knowing her secrets. At this moment, she wanted to kill Wu Dang Xing.

In the Wu Clan, Wu Dang Xing was just like Fa Wuxian, arrogant and unruly, and had offended many people.

However, he wasn't as arrogant as Fa Wuxian. He was still very respectful to the old antiques of the sect, which was why the old antiques had trained him this time.

With Gu Chensha's intelligence, pretending to be 'Wu Dang Xing' would be able to trick more than half of the treasures in the Martial Saint's Grotto-Heaven.

"You want to kill me already? Unfortunately, I'm telling the truth, and my deal is very beneficial to you. "

Gu Chensha cackled, "If you want to improve further, you have to work with me, and you might even be able to break free from Xing Qiong's control." "Wu Dang Xing, when did you get this kind of ability? Boasting shamelessly? "

Wu Dangkong didn't believe him at all, "You can trick a fool like Gu Tanjian, but you can't trick me. Do you really think I'll believe you?" "Is that so?"

Gu Chensha waved her hand slightly, and as she circulated her magic power, an image of the Divine Continent appeared in front of her. It was ever-changing, from ancient times to modern times, the fluctuations of the Divine Continent, the network of heaven and earth, the center of latitude and longitude, everything was there. Even some of the treasures on Wu Dangkong's body reacted.

"This is!"

Wu Dangkong's eyes almost fell out of her head. The impact on her was incomparably great, "This is the Divine Continent Grand Magic!"

"That's right, the Divine Continent Grand Magic." Gu Chensha was trying to lure Wu Dangkong into taking the bait.

Wu Dangkong had obtained many of Xing Qiong's treasures, but she didn't know the Divine Continent Grand Magic, so she couldn't use it.

Xing Qiong must have been wary of Wu Dangkong, which was why she hadn't taught it to her. Although the two were working together, they were both wary of each other and feigned civility.

"How could you possibly know the Great Law of Divine Land?" Wu Dangkong still couldn't believe it.

"So be it." Gu Chensha sneered. "This is my secret. Do you believe that I can help you now?

If you learn the Divine Continent's great technique, you'll probably be able to break free from the Xing Qiong Clan's control and obtain a completely different situation. " "What do you want? How to teach me the Great Law of Divine Land. "

At this time, Wu Dangkong calmed down. She suddenly moved, and a ray of light enveloped the whole room. Gu Chensha's heart stirred. He could feel the power of the Sacrificial Talisman.

"Wu Dangkong is already able to unleash the profundities of the Sacrificial Talisman?" Gu Chensha's heart skipped a beat. "No wonder she was able to block out some of the Xingqiong Clan's prying eyes." "What?

You want to fight with me and snatch the Divine Continent's Law by force? "Gu Chensha's expression changed.

"Since you have such a powerful being behind you, why would I act rashly?" Wu Dangkong's expression was indifferent. "What do you want? Speak? Let's make a deal. " "I heard that you have the Divine Continent's Ominous Armor? The Ten Ominous Armor, the Hundred Ominous Armor, and the Thousand Ominous Armor. "

Gu Chensha said. "The Ominous Armor is equivalent to a Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body expert. The Ten Ominous Armor is equivalent to a Great Dao Golden Core expert. The Hundred Ominous Armor is an immortal body, and the Thousand Ominous Armor is equivalent to a Divine Realm expert.

I don't ask for much. Give me the Thousand Ominous Armor, and I'll teach you the Divine Continent's great technique. " "Hahahahaha …" Wu Dangkong laughed. "You think that's not asking for much?

The Divine Prefecture Thousand Fiends Armor is the product of the Xing Qiong Clan's blood, sweat, and tears. In the past, they killed countless experts among the Immortal Fiends, Fiend Immortals, and Fiend Immortals. The Xing Qiong Clan used the Divine Prefecture's fiendish aura and the power of the myriad realms to forge this armor. He only managed to forge a few sets, and I only managed to obtain one set. Now, you want me to give you mine? Your appetite is a little too big. " "You only have one set?"

Gu Chensha had figured out Wu Dangkong's background. "I thought the Xing Qiong Clan would give you one set of the Thousand Ominous Armor, and several sets of the Thousand Ominous Armor. It seems they aren't generous enough."

"How about this, I'll give you the Hundred Ominous Armor. Once you wear it, you'll have an immortal body of 25 transformations. What do you think?" Wu Dangkong bargained.

"People say that if you ask for a sky-high price, you'll have to pay on the spot. That's how business is. There's nothing wrong with that, but your price is a little too high.

I have my own treasures, such as the Thunderslayer Sword. After activating it, I can kill an immortal body expert. Even if I have the Hundred Ominous Armor, it won't be of much help to me. It won't be able to increase my battle prowess. But you, with the Divine Continent's great technique, you'll be able to activate the Thousand Ominous Armor, and your strength will be equivalent to a Divine Realm expert.

How about this, I'll settle for the next best thing. Three hundred and sixty sets of the Hundred Ominous Armor, and I'll teach you the Divine Continent's great technique. What do you think? "Gu Chensha had his own plans.

He knew that Wu Dangkong had the Divine Continent's Thousand Ominous Armor. That armor would be the main reason they fought.

Gu Chensha had witnessed the ferocity of the Divine Continent's Thousand Ominous Armor with his own eyes.

However, that armor had its own weakness. It had its own consciousness, and was completely a Divine Realm expert. It wouldn't listen to Jiang Qi's words.

Similarly, if Wu Dangkong activated the Divine Continent's Thousand Ominous Armor and awakened the Origin Spirit within, the armor wouldn't be under her control. Instead, it would restrict her.

However, if the Origin Spirit within the armor was destroyed, the armor wouldn't be able to display its divine might. It would require a huge amount of power to activate.

For example, the "All Forms Shattering Cudgel" in Gu Chensha's hands. The Origin Spirit within it had long dissipated. It might have fallen during the many Great Tribulations. It could also be that after the Legalists obtained the cudgel, they extracted and refined the Origin Spirit, fusing it into all the Dharma Realms. If the cudgel had a Origin Spirit, it would be equivalent to a disobedient Divine Realm expert.

If Gu Chensha obtained the Divine Continent's Thousand Ominous Armor, he would also need to refine the Origin Spirit. He might even let the entire armor be devoured by the Tree of Desire. In that case, the Tree of Desire would be equivalent to devouring a true God. The benefits would be unimaginable.

After devouring the Divine Continent's Thousand Ominous Armor, the Tree of Desire would even condense the embryonic form of a God of Desire. Furthermore, this newly born God of Desire would be completely obedient to the will of the Tree of Desire's owner.

In that case, it could be said that the appearance of a Divine Realm expert within the Life's Wish sphere would have a huge impact on the upcoming situation. It was the same when he obtained the Peerless Heavenly Scripture. At the same time, Gu Chensha could guess that Wu Dangkong was also thinking of the same thing.

The Ritual of Sun and Moon had a sacrificial method. It could use the power of the Heavenly Dao to refine the Origin Spirit of a Divine Weapon. However, that kind of sacrificial method was extremely huge. The souls and flesh it required far exceeded the Ritual of the Guardian King or the Grotto-Heaven. Apart from that, it even required the Emperor's Aura.

"Three hundred and sixty sets of the Divine Continent's Thousand Ominous Armor?"

Wu Dang Kong sneered even more coldly, "I myself only have three sets of this armor. If I had three hundred and sixty sets of this armor, do you think I would allow the General of the Tranquil Immortal Department to strut around like this?" "Then there's nothing to talk about."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "If you want to obtain the Divine Continent's Great Technique, why would I give it to you if you can't pay the price?" "Although the Divine Continent's Great Technique is exquisite, it's not very useful to me."

Wu Dangkong's eyes flickered. "Although I have the Divine Continent's Thousand Fiends Armor, even if I learn the Divine Continent's Great Technique, I won't be able to control the Ferocious Spirit within it. When the time comes, I'll be suppressed by the armor instead. The gains won't make up for the losses.

Therefore, it's impossible for you to use the Divine Continent's Great Technique to exchange for a large amount of benefits from me. " "Since you've already put it that way, there's no need for us to continue our transaction."

Gu Chensha had long seen through Wu Dangkong's background. She had a deep desire for the Divine Continent's Great Technique. She had obtained many of the Xing Qiong Clan's treasures, but she couldn't unleash the full power of many of them. If she could learn the Divine Continent's Great Technique, then everything would be easily solved.

"How about this, you and I will join hands and activate the secret technique together to purify the Divine Continent's Thousand Fiends Armor."

Wu Dangkong said, "This armor is a Ferocious Spirit. Even if it's activated, it will definitely be rebellious and will definitely bite back at me. However, if you and I can use some methods to control this armor, then it'll be equivalent to having an obedient Divine Realm expert. It'll only be a matter of time before we conquer the world." "You want to subdue a Divine Realm expert?"

Gu Chensha waved her hand dismissively. "If you're a Saint, then that might be possible. But you're not. With our current cultivation, subduing a Divine Weapon with a Origin Spirit is just wishful thinking."

"That might not be the case. I have the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman in hand. There's nothing I can do. I've already comprehended the profoundness of this talisman, and I can use it to unleash all sorts of methods.

This talisman is a treasure that's as famous as the Desolate Dragon's Gate. It far surpasses the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. If it unleashes its full power, even all the treasures of the Immortal Dao's Seventy-two Profound Gates combined wouldn't be a match for it. It can suppress all living things in the world. "

Wu Dangkong said coldly, "Wu Dangkong, don't think that you're bargaining with me here. In reality, if I wanted to kill you, all I need to do is activate this talisman's light and I'll turn you into ashes." "Wu Dangkong, don't be an alarmist." Gu Chensha had long since noticed some clues. "How would you know what kind of foundation I have? Why don't you think about where I obtained the Divine Prefecture's great technique?

Why is it that even the Great Spirit God is afraid of the existence behind me? Don't you use your brain?

With such arrogance and conceit, it's no wonder that you were forced into retreat by the Celestial Calmness Bureau. Your reputation among the people is so bad that you earned the title of Concubine Treacherous. " As he spoke, Gu Chensha moved slightly and escaped the range of the light.

"You!" This time, Wu Dangkong was truly shocked. "You were actually able to escape the range of this light! Just what kind of methods did you obtain? " "Would I tell you such a secret?"

Gu Chensha could already tell that Wu Dangkong had activated the divine light of the Sun and Moon Shining Together. This technique had been amplified by the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Altar in the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, and its power had increased by ten times.

However, he had just mastered the Sun and Moon Shining Together. Apart from that, he had also cultivated the Heavenly Dao's technique, which made him a part of the Heavenly Dao.

The power of the Heavenly Dao that the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman communicated with naturally couldn't harm him. Everyone else was afraid of Wu Dangkong, but he wasn't. In fact, he could even restrain himself.