Chapter 612
===========

The Mystical Mountain Sect was ranked the last.

Every sixty years, the Mystical Mountain Sect would hold a meeting to fight the Monster Race and re-rank the Immortal Dao Sect.

But recently, because the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had suppressed many powerful existences, the Monster Race and Immortal Dao Sect had stopped fighting.

But in terms of strength, the Mystical Heaven Earth Sect, which had a medium-sized world, couldn't take away the first place.

But the second place often changed. In the last sixty years, the Taiyi Mystical Sect was second. 120 years ago, it was the Cosmos Mystical Sect. 180 years ago, it was the Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect. In the last sixty years, the Mystical Mountain Sect was ranked last. The Mystical Mountain Sect was indeed in danger.

There were few talents in the sect. The sect leader, Yue, was only at the God Level. He was at the 31st Transformation of the Dao Realm, creating things out of nothing.

Longevity God and Calming Chaos were at the peak of the 32nd Transformation, One Thought Connecting to the Heavens.

Apart from them, the Mystical Mountain Sect only had Yue, who was at the God Level. Originally, the Mystical Mountain Sect had two or three God Level experts, but they all died.

The Mystical Mountain Sect was even more disunited. They were listless and had low luck. The power generated from their prayers couldn't make up for the consumption of the Minor Chiliocosm.

If this went on, the Mystical Mountain Sect's Minor Chiliocosm would wither and eventually degenerate into a Minor World.

It could be said that without the support of the Minor Chiliocosm, the Mystical Mountain Sect would basically fall to the 72 Mystical Sects. Yue struggled to maintain the sect.

This time, he came here to obtain the position of True God and become a True God. Not only would he suppress the Minor Chiliocosm, his cultivation would also increase and his lifespan would increase. This way, he could continue the Mystical Mountain Sect.

Otherwise, if he also met with a calamity, the Mystical Mountain Sect would have no God Level experts. His subordinates wouldn't be able to display the power of the Minor Chiliocosm and would be annexed by others.

Since ancient times, many of the 72 Mystical Sects had fallen and were replaced by new sects. For example, the Limitless Heavenly Sect had fallen.

"Calming Chaos, Longevity God, you two grass gods also want to enjoy the position of True God?"

Yue Ju's body moved, and the power of a Minor Chiliocosm broke through the air, enveloping the True God seat, and was about to take it away.

Yue Ju's cultivation could not compare to Longevity God and Calming Chaos, but he had the support of the Minor Chiliocosm. Even in the Divine Central Continent, the power of the Minor Chiliocosm could break through space and reach him. With this power, even if Longevity God and Calming Chaos became Saints, they would have to admit defeat. This was the power of a Spirit Dimension.

Although the Mountain Profound Sect had withered to an outrageous extent, a rotten ship also had three pounds of nails, and a skinny camel was still bigger than a horse.

He activated his chiliocosm, wrapping up the seat of true divinity. Just as he was about to take it, another wave of power pierced through the air, cutting off his chiliocosm power. A woman appeared. This woman was pure and holy. As she danced, heaven and earth spun along with her dance.

With a casual move, she easily suppressed the power of the Small Chiliocosm. Then, with a wave of her hand, the position of True God fell into her hand. Only a Minor Chiliocosm could suppress the power of a Minor Chiliocosm.

"Celestial Dance Mystical Gate's headmaster, Ji Qingwu." Gu Chensha recognized her.

The relationship between the Celestial Dance Mystical Gate and the Celestial Dance Mystical Gate was pretty good. In the past, Gu Chensha had interacted with their outstanding disciple, Luo Wu, for a long time.

There were also rumors that this headmaster had an ambiguous relationship with the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor.

Thus, the Celestial Dance Mystical Gate and the Celestial Dance Mystical Gate didn't oppose the Imperial Court.

Because of this, as soon as this woman appeared, Gu Chensha couldn't make a move. After all, they were friends. Gu Chensha couldn't take a treasure from a friend.

Of course, according to the rules of the immortal dao, for such a treasure and the position of True God, even blood brothers would become enemies. This was because obtaining it was equivalent to extending one's lifespan by ten times.

On the path of immortality, there was no room for tolerance. One had to fight for it, or they would fall behind. This was a heaven-defying path. Once one cultivated to become an immortal, father, son, and brother would become strangers.

However, Gu Chensha didn't lack such a True God position. Moreover, this Ji Qingwu definitely wouldn't be able to obtain it. The mantis stalks the cicada, unaware of the oriole behind. Many experts were eyeing her covetously. The most threatening one was the Dharma Saint.

Gu Chensha knew that although he had stolen six supreme treasures and a lot of world energy from all the Dharma Realms of the school of Legalism, after the Dharma Saint returned, he worked hard to make the family prosper. Although he suffered a great loss in the previous court meeting, he didn't make a move.

It was said that the disciples of the school of Legalism had also encountered many fortuitous encounters in the past six months.

Moreover, the Dharma Saint had cooperated with Wan Senshi and other major powers and obtained a lot of resources.

Now, as long as the Dharma Saint obtained the True God position, he could use his methods to suppress all the Dharma Realms and turn the True God position into a part of all the Dharma Realms, creating a medium-grade world. Although Gu Chensha didn't sense the Dharma Saint, he knew that he would definitely come. At this time, in the space-time turbulence. Inside the Sun Moon Altar. The Dharma Saint, Wu Dangkong, and Jing Qiu were all observing the changes inside.

Any storm in the space-time turbulence was helpless against the Sun Moon Altar. It could be said that the essence of the Sun Moon Altar was much more tyrannical than that of a medium-grade world.

"As expected of the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman."

The Warlock Saint exclaimed in admiration, "If this talisman is used properly and exerts its greatest power, it can pass through all forbidden spells. Even a medium-class world or the barrier of a boundless world would not be able to resist the penetration of this talisman.

Moreover, this talisman can pass through the space-time turbulence without any danger. It can be said to be invincible. " "Unfortunately, I can't completely control this talisman."

Wu Dangkong waved his hand, "Otherwise, many sacrificial methods can be used to directly enter the medium-grade world of Jingxian Si and mince him into pieces."

"Gu Taxian has already predicted this." Through the crystal wall of the Sun Moon Altar, the Dharma Saint could clearly see everything in the depths of the space-time. The ability of the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman was far more than that.

"Ji Qingwu of the Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect has also made a move."

Jing Qiu said, "Lord Warlock Saint, rumor has it that this woman is not to be underestimated. She has already cultivated to the 35th transformation of the Dao Realm, the Primordial Dust Realm. With the flick of a finger, she can turn the land of dust into the Primordial Universe for a short period of time.

The overall strength of the Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect is not inferior to that of the Taiyi Mystical Sect.

It used to be ranked second. There are many experts in the sect, and the power of the Minor Chiliocosm is abundant.

If she becomes a True God, I'm afraid she can immediately advance to the 36th transformation. She can also advance the Minor Chiliocosm of the sect. "

"It's not that easy for a Minor Chiliocosm to advance to a Medium Chiliocosm. The Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect is still a little lacking," Wu Dangkong said.

"Otherwise, I heard that this woman and Gu Taxian have an ambiguous relationship.

It's very likely that Gu Taxian has set up some magical effects on this woman. "Jing Qiu's thoughts were far more shrewd than Wu Dangkong's.

"This woman is indeed not simple, but it's not that easy to become a True God."

The Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect won't allow it. More importantly, those little fellows from the Calm Immortal Department haven't made a move yet. "

The Dharma Saint was still observing the Sun Moon Altar. "In the Sun Moon Altar, all fate has been cut off. No one can calculate the movements of the people inside."

"Lord Dharma Saint, this decree has already been distorted. With the changes of the Heavenly Dao, it has produced a series of consequences. Perhaps we can take this opportunity to truly turn this decree into our own treasure. If we can fuse with it, I'm afraid we'll achieve a great achievement that no one has ever achieved before or since," Wu Dangkong said.

"That's right, but I'm afraid it's not the right time yet. The main thing is to see how the game between Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao turns out. All in all, this is a huge opportunity," the Dharma Saint said.

"Another expert has arrived! It's actually the old Azure Dragon from the Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect! "

A playful smile appeared on the Dharma Saint's face. "Dangkong, use the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Technique later. At the most critical moment, use the talisman to get close to the True God's throne. Then, I'll use a spell to pull it into the Sun Moon Altar. As long as the throne is pulled into the Sun Moon Altar, the True God's throne will be ours.

Even if the three Heavenly Venerables come together, they won't be able to do anything. They can't do anything to the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, so we can easily leave. "

"Lord Dharma Saint, the True God's throne can only be obtained by receiving my Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. Does that mean I'm the owner of the True God's throne?"

Wu Dangkong was invincible in the Sun Moon Altar. Even the Dharma Saint couldn't hurt him in the Sun Moon Altar.

"Don't worry, I'm using the True God's throne to activate all the Dharma Realms into a medium-class world. Once I succeed, I'll slowly separate the True God's throne and give it to you. Apart from that, I'll also use the world's power to increase your cultivation and help you truly subdue the Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor. That way, you'll truly be free from Xing Qiong.

Right now, Xing Qiong is licking his wounds and has no time to care about you. This is the best opportunity. If I can cultivate a medium-class world, I can completely help you escape.

The Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor itself is equivalent to a Saint-level expert. Don't you want to completely subdue it and make it your Son of Heaven's Armor? " "Son of Heaven's Armor!"

Wu Dangkong's eyes shone brightly. "The Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor is actually Xing Qiong's eyes and ears. It's used to monitor me. I can't control it at all. If Lord Dharma Saint can help me, I'll refine this armor and make it my lifebound weapon. After wearing it, I'll at least have the strength of a Sage. "" That's right. We're bound together.

Divided, we're weak. United, we're strong. "The Dharma Saint had already reached an agreement with Wu Dangkong. At that moment, a huge claw smashed down on Ji Qingwu from within the damaged God Kingdom. Ji Qingwu used the power of her Minor Chiliocosm to block the claw's power.

"Azure Dragon, medium-class world!"

Ji Qingwu's eyes shone with a fierce light. She threw the Deity Position away. At the same time, she shrunk her body, concentrated her power, and flashed away. As expected, the huge claw gave up on killing her and grabbed the throne.