Chapter 783
===========

"The divine continent is changing, the people are united, the people dao gathers the spirit, transcends the heavens and transcends the Dao!"

Gu Chensha's palms moved again and again, forming a series of seals. These seals were filled with the ultimate truths of mystiques, and they were imprinted with the wisdom and ideals of the people of the divine continent, as well as the will to mend the heavens and reform the heavens.

Now, Gu Chensha had fused his Dao of Mortal Life Mending the Heavens and Mortal Life Reforming the Heavens, and then transmitted it to the people. Many ambitious people among the people began to comprehend these two wills, and those ambitious people cultivated the same spirit.

In the eyes of ambitious people, the heavens were not high and mighty. As long as they had ideals and beliefs, they could change the fate of the heavens, or mend the heavens. The dao of man was more precious than the heavens. The value of one's moral character surpassed everything else. This was the true meaning of the supreme.

When Gu Chensha spread these ideals, there was a large group of like-minded people. When the beliefs of these people gathered, they played a critical role in enhancing Gu Chensha's power.

Now, Gu Chensha activated all of this, and could see everything. Even if the Great Spirit God had the preciousness of the Heavenly Dao, he would not be able to escape Gu Chensha's search.

Indeed, in an instant, clues appeared in Lou Baiyue's body. A faint shadow suddenly flashed past, like a white steed flashing across a crack. It was very difficult to catch, but in that instant, Gu Chensha had already caught it.

"Come out!"

Gu Chensha waved his hand, and the shadow struggled and squirmed, but in the end, it was locked down and could not be controlled. It was directly caught, and fell into Gu Chensha's palm.

"Who would have thought, Gu Chensha, that your cultivation has actually reached such a level. You can even detect my restrictive magic. What? Do you really want to rely on these clues to find out where I am? Don't even think about it. "The shadow seemed to be mocking Gu Chensha for overestimating himself.

"The Great Spirit God, countless old-timers say that you're crafty and difficult to defeat. You're not the most powerful god, but you're the most adept at seeking fortune and avoiding calamity. You're the most adept at scheming and scheming. Supposedly, you've never been at a disadvantage since you were born, but I don't quite believe it.

I have a grudge against you for killing my mother. Do you really think you can flee to the ends of the earth without being hunted by me?

I've already refined the Xing Qiong Clan, and even Immortal Master Wan, the Immortal Lord, the three Celestial Sovereigns, and Patriarch Heaven and Earth have formed an alliance to avoid me. Who do you think you are? If you obediently wait for your death, I can let you live and turn you into an ordinary person. "

As Gu Chensha spoke, he calculated at the same time. The reason he said so much was to deliberately infuriate the Mighty Miracle God and make him reveal an opening. Then, he would look for an opportunity to lock onto the Mighty Miracle God's position in one go and immediately descend, carrying out the strongest attack with the force of a thunderbolt.

Considering how strong he was right now, he could cross vast distances in the blink of an eye, and even travel through different space-time dimensions to kill experts.

Considering he had assimilated the Great Spirit God, there were very few people in heaven and earth who could stand up to him.

"The Great Spirit God? He's just a brainless person, that's why he fell into your trap. "

The Great Spirit God's shadow seemed to be stalling for time, and it was impossible to tell what he was plotting. As the shadow wriggled, it emanated a foul stench, almost as if it were releasing some sort of vicious curse. "Not even your old man, Gu Taxian, could do anything to me. Who the hell do you think you are?

However, if you want to seek revenge, you're welcome to do so. I'd like to see what you're capable of, and what you're relying on. Right now, Gu Taxian can't help you.

"You should be aware of some crucial points. Ever since you've cultivated to the Divine level, the fate energy of your Calming Immortal Department has reached its peak. When it reaches its peak, it will definitely decline.

If you even think about coming looking for me, that will be the beginning of the destruction of the Celestial Calmness Department. Perhaps you have no idea what level of existence I am. Gu Tiansha, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, is nothing in my eyes. Not even Gu Tiansha understands what I control. You can't even compare to him, and yet you dare to come looking for me? "

"I've never met someone who brags so much," Gu Chensha said, laughing. "The Great Spirit God, you're not the most cunning, but the best at bragging."

"Summer Bug's Anchoring Ice?" The Mighty Miracle God's shadow suddenly disappeared and was replaced by a ball of curses.

This curse erupted, spreading outwards and covering Gu Chensha's entire body. Moreover, it contaminated the entire dimensional realm and even the little Hongmeng Tree.

"Enjoy this ball of curses."

The voice of the Mighty Miracle God became ethereal and finally disappeared. "This curse is a curse born from the Great Desolate Dragon Gate. The Great Desolate Dragon Gate is a great divine weapon that can turn all living things in the world into Sages. However, when things reach an extreme, they move in the opposite direction. It can also create a curse that can turn all living things in the world into fools and idiots. You imparted the Human Dragon Fist to everyone in the Celestial Calmness Department to become Sages. In that case, you have violated the authority of the Great Desolate Dragon Gate and will definitely receive the strongest curse since ancient times." "Not good!" Empyrean Martial Sage was shocked. He could already see how powerful this curse was. This curse had indeed been born from the Great Desolate Dragon Gate.

The Great Desolate Dragon Gate itself was a heaven-defying existence. Thinking about it, the aptitude of all living beings in the world was destined. If everyone's aptitude could become Saints, wouldn't that mean that they would have to bear an extremely strong karma and curse?

This curse had been accumulated in the Great Desolate Dragon Gate for a long time. It could even contaminate the divine tool and cause it to fall.

However, for some unknown reason, some of it had been obtained by the Great Spirit God and used to attack the Celestial Calmness Department and Gu Chensha.

Heavenly Master Martial Saint's vision was brilliant. He could naturally see how powerful this curse was. If this curse touched his body, it would immediately strip him of everything and turn him into an ordinary person.

Even a Heavenly Master wouldn't be able to resist it. This was a curse that had been accumulated in the Great Desolate Dragon Gate for countless years.

Not to mention a Heavenly Master, even a Heavenly Longevity Realm cultivator wouldn't be able to resist it.

This ball of curse energy began to spread. If it was allowed to spread, then everything within the dimensional realm of the Common People's Wish sphere would immediately fall. The little Hongmeng Tree would also wither and dissipate into nothingness. The huge Celestial Calmness Department would collapse at this moment, no longer existing.

No one had expected that the Great Spirit God would actually plant such an ambush in Lou Baiyue's body. The cancer and curse of the Great Desolate Dragon Gate were much more terrifying than the attacks of Wan Senshi and the three Heavenly Venerates.

This was because even the Great Desolate Dragon Gate's main body couldn't withstand this cancer and curse. It had to be released.

Unfortunately, the Great Desolate Dragon Gate's main body couldn't do anything. But now, the Great Spirit God had used some unknown method to actually draw out this curse. This meant that the Great Spirit God had started to cure the Great Desolate Dragon Gate and save this divine tool. This divine tool would naturally give him great authority and might.

Gu Chensha had suspected that Gu Tanjian was relying on The Great Spirit God to obtain so much Qi of the Sacred Dragon.

One had to know that the Qi of the Sacred Dragon could turn a fool into an Innate Sage. It wasn't that easy to obtain. If it was really that easy, people like Wan Senshi, the Immortal Master, and the three Heavenly Venerates would have long obtained it and nurtured their subordinates into Innate Sages. Not to mention anything else, just the power of worship would be thousands of times stronger.

One had to know that the purity of the power of worship produced by the worship of an Innate Sage was something that even a hundred million commoners couldn't compare to.

Perhaps the power of worship produced by a hundred million commoners was slightly greater than that of an Innate Sage. However, the purity of the power was like rubble and gold. Even ten thousand kilograms of rubble couldn't compare to one kilogram of gold.

"Martial Sage Heavenly Venerate, there's no need to panic."

Gu Chensha looked at the erupting curse and his expression didn't change. "I didn't expect The Great Spirit God to have such a method. However, it's still within my control. I dare say with certainty that even the Immortal Master and Wan Senshi wouldn't be able to withstand this curse. However, I'm different.

What the Primeval Dragon Sect wants to do is what I want to do. I'm willing to bear his curse. My original intention was to let everyone in the world become a True Dragon, and everyone become a True Sage. Only then can we eliminate all barriers and realize the unity of all living beings. Therefore, let this sin belong to me alone. I'm willing to bear this kind of karma and sin. "

As he spoke, Gu Chensha's voice became louder and louder. It was as if he had triggered some kind of power in the unseen world. He made a great wish. Let all the sin belong to him. Let all the karma be added to him. What his great wish triggered was an indestructible, magnificent belief and great emotion. For the sake of all living beings in the world, he was willing to bear all the sin and karma.

This great wish was earth-shattering. It transcended time and space, transcended fate, resonated with heaven and earth, and grieved with the universe. Weng

All the curse started to gather towards him. In the end, it condensed into a rune seed and entered his body. It fused with his body and became inseparable.

"Chensha, you!"

Lou Baiyue jumped up violently. "This curse can harm the Primeval Dragon Sect. You actually absorbed it all?" "It's fine.

This is the sin of the Heavenly Dao against the Primeval Dragon Sect. The existence of the Primeval Dragon Sect is sinful to the Heavenly Dao. The Heavenly Dao judged him guilty, but I judged him innocent. The sin of the Heavenly Dao, in my opinion, is not a sin, but a merit. Therefore, I absorbed this curse to cultivate and turn the sin of the Heavenly Dao into my own merit. This is the ability to defeat the will of the Heavenly Dao. I've defeated the will of the Heavenly Realm. Now, I'm going to defeat the will of the Heavenly Dao. "

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "My heart surpasses the will of the Heavens, and the heart surpasses the Dao heart. The Heavens cannot judge me guilty, but I can judge the Heavens for being immoral.

This is the essence of my cultivation technique, and also the essence of our Calming Immortal Department. In the future, we will spread this philosophy. " "Too tyrannical."

Heavenly Venerate Martial Saint sighed. "Looks like I didn't misjudge you. You are indeed a person who can bring us into a brand new era."

"The Great Spirit God is indeed not as simple as he seems on the surface. He hides something even deeper. I know why the Sorcerer Ancestor fell into his trap. This is the reason. However, I'm looking forward to the confrontation with him even more.

If I can suppress him and rescue Weiyang, killing the three Heavenly Venerates will be as easy as flipping my hand. "

Gu Chensha's body swayed as he chased after the Mighty Miracle God. (Author's notice: Please use the app to read. It's free and ad-free. Please follow the official WeChat account. Appxsyd (hold down for three seconds to copy) Install the client!