Chapter 265
===========

"Why did you agree to Qingyao so readily? Why did you let them go just like that? "

The Fourth frowned. "When Father comes out of seclusion, these three people will be important witnesses to prove that Wu Dangkong and Gu Tanjian can't turn the tables." "No one knows when His Majesty will come out of seclusion.

"No one knows when His Majesty will come out of seclusion. For the future of the Celestial Department of Tranquility, I have no choice but to preserve my strength. Qingyao was once His Majesty's guide, and His Majesty spent his youth with this woman. She knows His Majesty very well. She's here to exchange the Azure Dragon Divine Wood for Divine Wood. She's being polite before resorting to force. If we don't agree, I'm afraid she'll have even more powerful tricks up her sleeves." "If we agree to let them go, they won't be able to use their next move?"

Gu Chensha nodded. "The Black Heaven Earth Sect, the Nine Swords Mystic Sect, and the Crimson Firmament Mystic Sect must have sent Qingyao to test the waters. I will also use the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art to disrupt the situation." "It's all because our Celestial Calmness Department is not strong enough."

The Fourth Prince also waved his hand. "A poor man's ambition is stunted. If we had even one percent of Imperial Father's strength, we wouldn't have swallowed this humiliation." "Right now, our Celestial Calmness Department is in the stage of accumulating strength."

Lou Baiyue's eyes were sharp. "The Black Heaven Earth Gate, Crimson Firmament Gate, and Nine Swords Gate are still worried about His Majesty. If he doesn't come out of seclusion soon, I'm afraid he will attack us." "Fortunately, we've improved very quickly recently."

Gu Chensha activated the astral energy in his body, his fighting spirit boiling. "We have the Buzhou Palace, the Book of Heavenly Demon, the Dragon Gate, the 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals, and the Black Tortoise. As long as we can recover and buy time, we will definitely be able to compete with the 72 sects." "Train Long Zaifei, Liu Yu, and Lou Huaiyue.

They are peerless geniuses with great potential. "The Fourth looked at the Azure Dragon Divine Wood." What are we going to do with this wood?

The Black Heaven Earth Gate actually used this treasure to exchange for Jing Fanxing and the other two. But I suspect that there are many hidden restrictions inside this Azure Dragon Divine Wood. " "It's fine."

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue exchanged a glance, "We'll start refining the Azure Dragon Divine Wood immediately. The Fourth, you handle the outside matters for now."

"It seems that the two of you are very confident." The Fourth nodded. "In that case, the two of you can go into seclusion again."

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue joined hands, unleashing a stream of Xiantian astral energy that swept up the Azure Dragon Divine Wood and swallowed it into the Dragon Gate.

At this moment, when Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue's Innate Earth Qi were connected, it could probably even roll up a mountain.

Putting everything else aside, if Gu Chensha combined his Innate Gang Qi, he would be able to overturn a small river.

This was because there were 360 Heaven Repairing Divine Generals in his body, and each of them had the strength of a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Jade Body Realm Cultivator. The Innate Earth Qi of a Jade Body Realm Cultivator could sweep up a house. With 360 of them working together, they could instantly empty a town with a population of a few thousand.

The two of them swept up the Azure Dragon Divine Wood and immediately headed into the depths of Calming Celestial Department to enter seclusion again. This time, the two of them entered the depths of the Sun Moon Altar in an instant. The Azure Dragon Divine Wood was also swept into the Sun Moon Altar.

This Azure Dragon Divine Wood was as tall as five people and as thick as a person's waist. Green energy wrapped around it and it gave off a dragon aura. There were also waves of ancient aura. This was a supreme treasure.

"What a good thing."

Gu Chensha said, "Unfortunately, there are definitely restrictions hidden in this Azure Dragon Divine Wood. They want to lure us to refine it and try to control it." "That's for sure, the Azure Dragon Divine Wood is not to be underestimated."

Lou Baiyue observed carefully, "We can't see anything wrong with it. How are you going to refine it this time?" "Sacrifice."

A complacent smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face, "I dare to conclude that there is someone hiding an extremely strong Yuan Shen in this Azure Dragon Divine Wood. I will sacrifice my soul. If there is no soul or Yuan Shen in this Azure Dragon Divine Wood, the Heavenly Dao will not react. But if there is, hehe …" "Good idea."

Lou Baiyue also laughed, "Those old fellows in the Black Heaven Earth Gate probably would not have thought that they would be tricked by us instead." "There's no time to lose."

Gu Chensha knew that the Sun Moon Altar was isolated from the outside world. No Almighty Being would be able to spy on them. He immediately used the Sun Moon Sacrificial Art on the Azure Dragon Divine Wood!

"Heavenly Dao above, my sacrificial art, let my soul return to the heavens!"

The astral energy in Gu Chensha's hands changed again and again. Many sacrificial words appeared and struck the Azure Dragon Divine Wood.

"I will sacrifice this soul to deduce my Common People Heaven Mending Art!"

Gu Chensha's sacrifice was not to obtain the Heavenly Dew, nor was it to obtain any treasures. It was to borrow the power of the Heavenly Dao to deduce and improve the Common People Heaven Mending Art.

If there was no soul in the Azure Dragon Divine Wood, his sacrifice would fail and he would not gain anything. Of course, he wouldn't lose anything either.

This was the benefit of sacrificing to the Heavenly Dao. If you sacrificed it to an evil god, even if it was a righteous god, the god would be furious and punish you if there was no sacrifice after you communicated with the god. Sacrificing to the Heavenly Dao meant that there was no sacrifice. You would just gain nothing. Buzz!

As expected, the Heavenly Dao above the Sun Moon Altar received Gu Chensha's summon. To accept the sacrifice, it instantly seeped into the depths of the Azure Dragon Divine Wood. Roar! A loud roar came from the Azure Dragon Divine Wood.

This roar shook Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha so much that they almost vomited blood. From this, one could see how strong the soul hidden within was. However, in front of the Heavenly Dao, this hidden soul was powerless.

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue saw an old man being pulled out from the Azure Dragon Divine Wood by the Heavenly Dao.

This old man was clad in a long robe made of a thousand suns and moons. His feet stepped on a myriad of auspicious clouds, as if he was the only pillar between heaven and earth.

"Black Heaven Earth Sect's Patriarch!"

Lou Baiyue immediately recognized this old man. If this old man wasn't the Black Heaven Earth Sect's Patriarch in the records, who else could it be? Of course, this was only a trace of the Patriarch's primordial spirit.

However, an expert like this old man was no different from a Sage. Even if it was just a trace of his primordial spirit, it was enough to tear through space and move mountains and seas.

Unfortunately, no matter how strong his primordial spirit was, it could not contend against the Heavenly Dao.

"Who would have thought that the Black Heaven Earth Sect's Patriarch would actually hide his primordial spirit within the Azure Dragon Divine Wood to plot against us. As long as we refine it, this primordial spirit will be able to enter our souls unknowingly and completely control some important things." Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue both knew what was going on. This calculation was really vicious. The Patriarch actually plotted against them personally. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha had the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman.

The Black Heaven Earth Sect's Patriarch went for wool and came home shorn. This hidden primordial spirit was actually sacrificed by Gu Chensha in exchange for the Heavenly Dao's divination.

Even though this primordial spirit continued to struggle and roar, it was wrapped up by the Heavenly Dao's power and could not do anything. Kacha!

The Heavenly Dao's power swept this primordial spirit away and then it turned into a giant shadow. This was actually a transformation of the Heaven Mending Technique. Rumble!

This shadow entered Gu Chensha's mind. Instantly, the Heaven Mending Big Dipper Energy in his body changed once more. The originally huge Big Dipper Energy was compressed and condensed.

The changes behind the Heaven Mending Technique, as well as the parts that Gu Chensha did not comprehend, were all improved. This was the divination of the Heavenly Dao, one that exceeded the divination of many Saints.

With a portion of the Black Heaven Earth Sect's Patriarch's primordial spirit as a sacrifice, the Heavenly Dao's power could be said to be earth-shattering.

Under such a divination, Gu Chensha's strength improved by another level. After this technique was perfected, it could be compared to the essence of the Book of Sky Demon, or even exceed it.

After all, the many Demon Race Saints who wrote the Book of Sky Demon didn't have the complete wisdom of the Heavenly Dao.

Under the divination of the Heavenly Dao's power, the Heaven Mending Technique was gradually perfected and improved once more. Gu Chensha's Heaven Mending Big Dipper Energy circulated and affected the 360 Heaven Mending Generals in the Dragon Gate. These generals' bodies shone brightly and they breathed in and out essence energy. It seemed like they also had hope of advancing.

After a long while, the light calmed down. Gu Chensha looked at the Green Dragon Divine Wood and a smile appeared on his face. Just now, he had communicated with Lou Baiyue with his intent, allowing Lou Baiyue to also obtain the complete Heaven Mending Technique.

In the past, the Heavenly Dao had also divined the Heaven Mending Technique once. Now, it had improved.

"Good!"

Lou Baiyue nodded her head. Gu Chensha's Heaven Mending Technique was perfected and his body's earth energy was refined. This was a huge benefit to her, "Now that the problems with the Green Dragon Divine Wood are removed, we can refine it and merge it into your Dragon Gate. Your Dragon Gate will be strengthened. During the process of forming the Dragon Gate, we can absorb the Green Dragon Divine Wood to expand the limits of our bodies.

One must know that the power of the Green Dragon Divine Wood is the most magical power. If one cultivates to the Golden Core of the Dao Realm 18 Transformation and has the Green Dragon Divine Wood to merge into one's body, one will have a high chance of breaking through to the Dao Realm 19 Transformation. "

Gu Chensha had read before that the Ancient Green Dragon Divine Wood was tainted with the power of the Green Dragon and had the ability to expand the limits of one's body.

After refining the Green Dragon Divine Wood, be it Lou Baiyue or Gu Chensha, the toughness of their bodies and their capacity would increase greatly. It would be beneficial for their future cultivation.

At this moment, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue worked together once more to activate the Buzhou Palace in the Sun Moon Altar. The Buzhou Palace was really good at breaking down materials and refining treasures.

The Buzhou Palace was constantly absorbing the power of the stars and storing it in various parts of the palace. When something happened, it would activate it.

The Green Dragon Divine Wood entered the center of the Buzhou Palace. Suddenly, many cannons shot out from the depths of the palace and blew up the Green Dragon Divine Wood.

Without the Buzhou Palace, just Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha would need a few months to refine the Green Dragon Divine Wood.

With the Buzhou Palace, in just dozens of breaths, the Green Dragon Divine Wood was broken down into pure essence energy. This was the Calamity Star Cannon of the Buzhou Palace. It gathered the power of the stars to form a cannon. With one strike, everything would be wiped out.