Chapter 227
===========

"Brother Mang Di and I are evenly matched, after discussing for a while, we came up with a plan." Gu Chensha spoke first, trying to save face for Tai Mang Di.

"I appreciate your good intentions." Tai Mang Di waved his hand: "A loss is a loss, I won't cover up the truth just for this bit of face.

Yu Huang, go back first and discuss with brother Chensha, we need to make a plan for Precious Jade Nation's future. Don't worry, your interests will not be harmed. " "Yes." Yu Huang was the crown prince, but he didn't dare to be long-winded in front of Tai Mang Di.

"Hanlu, go prepare for the enlistment."

Gu Chensha told Hanlu: "Brother Mang Di and I have pretty much decided on this, but you need to be prepared, don't rush for instant benefits and incite the discontent of the people." "Yes." Hanlu was overjoyed and hurried out.

Yu Huang's thoughts moved, he knew that the enlistment had been decided, there was no point in resisting. Luckily, Tai Mang Di promised not to harm his interests, which calmed him down a lot. Only Tai Mang Di and Gu Chensha were left in the study.

The two looked at each other, Gu Chensha spoke first: "What does brother Mang Di think of the world's situation?"

"Great Yong Dynasty rose out of nowhere, the people's morale is boiling, Heaven Talisman Great Emperor's might is unparalleled, he has many experts under him, among the younger generation, there's also Lou Baiyue, brother Chensha, Gu Huasha, and Fang Lin, it's a fully-fledged army."

Tai Mang Di said: "The barbarians only have Barbarian Saint holding on, many evil gods have been sealed, the barbarians' destruction is only a matter of time.

As for us immortal path, we don't listen to the imperial court, but as long as Heaven Talisman Great Emperor is willing, we will eventually submit to the imperial court. " "Oh?"

This was the first time Gu Chensha heard a disciple of the immortal path think highly of the imperial court: "Brother Mang Di thinks highly of the imperial court?

I've met many immortal path people, they all say that the imperial court is going against the trend and won't last for long. This time, the black qi devouring the sun, the demon star descending is the greatest disaster. " "Even if that's the case, how can heroes achieve great things without tribulations?"

Tai Mang Di's tone was filled with admiration: "Heavenly Talisman Grand Monarch was once a disciple of Xuan Gate's immortal path, I've studied his deeds in detail, he was indeed invincible the moment he stepped onto the Dao, perhaps he really has a way to create a new situation for the world"

"I didn't expect Brother Maodi to have such a high opinion of the Imperial Court. Looks like I've met a bosom friend."

Gu Chensha clapped his hands and laughed out loud, "We can exchange our martial skills. The battle just now didn't seem to be satisfying enough. To be honest, ever since I cultivated the [Innate Divine Energy], not to mention those who are at the same level as me, even those who are four or five levels higher than me are nothing to me. Today, Brother Mang Di is the first person who managed to fight me to a draw at the same level. I wonder if Brother Mang Di can show me the power of the Taiyi Pearl?" "That's easy." Tai Mang Di spat out a bead that hovered above his head.

This pearl was a mass of primal chaos energy. Yin and Yang circulated within it, and according to one's will, it could transform into various shapes.

"How profound"

Gu Chensha carefully observed it: "Legend has it that the primal chaos energy during the creation of the world, even a trace of it could turn into a mountain. For Lord Taiyi to be able to forge a treasure, his power is truly unimaginable" "Brother Chensha also has a treasure, can you show it to me?" Tai Mang Di asked.

"Of course" Gu Chensha spat out the dragon gate.

"So it's a dragon gate, but it was forged by yourself, fusing the presence of many ancient items. This treasure was forged by you yourself, no wonder you can use it more freely than I can. "

Tai Mang Di sighed: "A treasure that doesn't belong to me is indeed difficult to use, and its power can't be fully unleashed" The two of them continued to study the treasure, sharing their own cultivation insights.

Gu Chensha even shared his Demon Book of Confusion, The Great Spirit God Technique, Buzhou Immortal Fist Technique, and Nine Calamities Transformation, which made Tai Mang Di exclaim at how generous he was.

Especially the Buzhou Immortal Fist Technique, which was the ultimate skill of the ancient Emperor Zhou, it contained the mysteries of the birth and death of ghosts and gods, and the way of calculation was even more exquisite.

In this way, Tai Mang Di couldn't keep it to himself, so he shared everything he had learned. As the son of the headmaster, he knew almost all the ancient books and cultivation methods of Taiyi Fantasy Sect.

The highest ancient book of Taiyi Fantasy Sect was the "Taiyi Salvation Sutra". It was said that after mastering it, one could save all the suffering in the world. This sutra contained supreme mysteries, and was very difficult to comprehend.

Besides, Taiyi Fantasy Sect also had other secret books, such as "Phantom Sword Sutra", "Flying Secret Qi", "Mysterious Secret Method", "Five Elements External Alchemy Technique", "Eight Secluded Essence Technique" … These martial arts also had their own mysteries, and some disciples had cultivated them to a very high realm. Gu Chensha benefited a lot from listening.

After all, Tai Mang Di was the son of the headmaster, and Taiyi Fantasy Sect was the second largest sect, the strongest after the Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect. Therefore, he had received systematic training, and the best methods of cultivating disciples in the past tens of thousands of years were used on Tai Mang Di. Gu Chensha's way of learning gave him a unique feeling.

He was now a peerless genius, he could immediately understand any cultivation method after hearing it, and then start to analyze it, extracting the essence to supplement his own Clumsy Fist Technique.

In his mind, there were no less than five thousand of him repeatedly calculating. In just a few breaths, he could know what the essence of a martial art was. The two of them talked about martial arts and cultivation, feeling very carefree.

Gu Chensha had read all kinds of ancient books, and was very familiar with the stories of the Immortal Dao, history, and anecdotes. Some of the things he said made Tai Mang Di very interested.

After all, Tai Mang Di had been cultivating since he was born, how would he know about historical books?

After talking for three days and three nights, Gu Chensha and Tai Mang Di settled on various matters after recruiting Baoyu Country. Tai Mang Di even invited Gu Chensha to explore the seabed with great interest. With the two of them working together, they would definitely be able to explore deeper into the sea, and discover many things. But of course, Gu Chensha refused.

After suppressing the head of Xing Qiongshi, the number one ferocious beast in the Divine Land, Gu Chensha would not seek death. Of course, it was better not to tell Tai Mang Di this big secret, in case it was used by others.

After settling on the matter with Tai Mang Di, things became simpler. Gu Chensha also released Daoist Tai He and those disciples, and refined their damaged flying swords before returning them, making them even more magical.

Without the obstruction of the Great Wei Dynasty and Taiyi Fantasy Sect, the recruitment went very smoothly.

Gu Chensha stayed in Baoyu Country for another three months, managing all sorts of matters in the dark. Finally, this matter was settled. After everything was settled, he showed up to meet the king of Baoyu Country and the officials, and read the imperial decree. As expected, there was no trouble.

Originally, such a major matter would take at least a few years to settle, but now, it was settled in just a few months. It was a godly speed.

Finally, Baoyu Country became the territory of the Great Yongchō, and it was connected to Dragonsword Island and Ocean Roc Island.

After settling this matter, Gu Chensha felt reassured. He wrote a letter to the imperial court, and then returned to Calming Immortal Department.

There were many complicated matters in Calming Immortal Department, and he had to come to help. He had no time to hide and cultivate.

However, during the few months in Baoyu Country, he was not idle. He spent most of his time cultivating, studying Daoist techniques, operating the Dragon Gate, and integrating all the knowledge he had learned from Tai Mang Di.

His Spiritual Sense had also made great progress, and he could do nine thousand things at once. He was just one crucial step away from stepping into the Ten Changes of Dao Realm.

Normal people's Ten Changes of Dao Realm was "One Thousand Things at Once", but his was "One Thousand Things at Once".

To be able to split his Spiritual Sense into nine thousand parts, each part could perform different changes, think about different things, and calculate and combine them. Such an ability to control Xiantian Gang Qi was extremely terrifying.

During these days, he had refined the Dragon Gate, and the Demon Subduing Blade and King Dragon Armor were becoming more and more exquisite.

The world was slowly recovering, and the people had recovered from the earthquake. Everywhere, construction was being carried out, and it was a scene of prosperity.

The imperial court had accumulated a lot of wealth, and not only did the disaster not damage its foundation, but it also mobilized the people's wealth. All sorts of construction projects were in full swing, and the circulation of wealth increased. This could be said to have turned a disaster into a blessing.

The imperial court was able to provide disaster relief, and there were no more natural disasters, so the people gradually calmed down.

Calming Xian Department also obtained the loyalty of hundreds of second and third-rate celestial sects. Large amounts of taxes surged in, and along with the operation of some capable people, they used the taxes from the celestial sects to do business. Their wealth was like a rolling snowball that was used to subsidize the imperial court's finances.

Calming Xian Department's income was huge, and it was extremely important to subsidize the imperial court. This caused the imperial court's finances to be really rich, and it was more than enough to build all sorts of things.

The only fly in the ointment was that the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor was often in closed-door cultivation. He only replied with three words, "Got it", regarding the memorial that Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue sent to them.

Luckily, Heaven Talisman Emperor would occasionally appear, and as a result, there weren't many problems in the imperial court. Honglong!

Thunder rumbled, and a huge wind blew. Along with that, dark clouds covered the sky, and rain started to pour.

Gu Chensha was in the courtyard at the center of Calming Xian Department. He waved his hands, and a Xiantian Gang Qi whirlpool appeared. It was half an acre wide.

Attracted by the innate energy whirlpool, the lightning bolts in the sky struck down as if they didn't cost anything. All of them fell into the whirlpool and disappeared in an instant. Sometimes, balls of lightning were also absorbed.

An hour later, all the lightning in the sky was absorbed cleanly. The dark clouds dissipated, and the wind blew gently.

"Nineteenth Brother, your cultivation is getting stronger and stronger. It looks like I'm no longer your match."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, walked over. "This technique of yours, you absorb the lightning in the sky for your own use, and refine the creation qi in the lightning. This technique is truly marvelous." "Fourth Brother, you must be joking."

Gu Chensha was very humble. "The weather in the Wilderness is really changeable. One moment, it's sunny, and the next, there are dark clouds and lightning. Some places are scorching hot, and some places are frozen."