Chapter 113
===========

Without the Sun Moon Altar, the Son of Heaven's God Bestowal Art would be difficult to master. However, the changes in the circulation of Qi and blood was a foundational art for Yi Ming.

Using this as a foundation, he gradually transformed the Evil Path's divine technique that he cultivated and created something new, a combination of good and evil.

Naturally, the Maha Suppression Scripture wasn't an evil scripture. It could be both righteous and evil.

Sometimes Gu Chensha would also explain in detail the 'sun and moon refining' and 'sun and moon transformation' to Wei Xiaobao, only he did not mention that it was the 'Son of Heaven Investiture God Technique'.

The Transformations of Sun and Moon itself contained endless transformations. It could transform one's aura into anything, and it was most suitable for concealing one's cultivation.

On top of that, Yi Ming had also consumed the Seven Saints Heart Tempering Pill. His mental state had become even more profound, and his comprehension had deepened.

Other than that, he had been refined by Gu Chensha before, and was more or less stained with the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood. Therefore, he was more familiar with the details of the Sun and Moon Refinement and Sun and Moon Transformation. Even those who were two or three transformations higher than him wouldn't be able to tell.

"Who is it?" He looked at the door.

A person appeared at the door. He was clad in black armor, and his entire body was wrapped up tightly. There were lightning patterns on the armor, and one could feel the vast power contained within without even looking. It was an extremely mysterious treasure that was not inferior to the Hornless Dragon Armor. Ka-cha Ka-cha!

The head of the armor split open, and a person appeared. This person had a curly beard like thatch, and was a rough and wild man. However, his eyes were cold, and there was actually a lightning imprint between his brows.

"I am Lei Jiudong," the rough man said. "Kekata, return to your original appearance."

Yi Ming's original name was Kukata. He was the Oracle of the Barbarian Race's Temple of Mahānata. He had a high status and was in charge of countless troops. His status was far above that of the Barbarian Marshal.

"Lei Jiudong, Grand Elder of the Lei Clan," Yi Ming said. "What are you doing here? This is Duke Chen's fief. " "I'm here for you. Don't be nervous."

Lei Jiudong laughed heartily, his tone seemingly magical. "I've come this time to offer you some good karma. I know that your cultivation has reached the peak, but something is suppressing you, preventing you from circulating your Stellar Energy and blood qi to form Samadhi True Fire. Coincidentally, my Lei family has something that is miraculously effective in helping you circulate your blood qi. I'll lend it to you. " "What is it? Could it be the Thunder Emperor relic? "Yi Ming was puzzled." Why are you helping me? " "You actually know about the Thunder Emperor Relic?"

Lei Jiudong was slightly taken aback. "As expected of the Divine Envoy of the Barbarian Tribe, he has thoroughly investigated our Lei Family's secrets.

I think that you are a talent and our Lei Family wants to recruit you. As a Barbarian Race God Envoy who has cultivated to Dao Realm Transformation Seven, you are bowing down to a junior. You have lost your pride as an expert. "

"I have already recognized the Nineteenth Prince as my master. Please leave quickly, or I will capture you," Yi Ming said.

"Hehe …" Lei Jiudong laughed, "My cultivation is not below yours, but you can't do anything to me. Moreover, I'm here to help you. Seeing you being humiliated like this, I can't stand it anymore."

"Nonsense." Yi Ming stretched out his hand, but he did not use his Innate Gang Qi. Instead, he used his physical strength.

"If you want to capture me, then follow me." Lei Jiudong flew out, with Yi Ming in hot pursuit.

In the blink of an eye, the two of them were out of the castle, out of the fief, and into the dense forest.

After chasing for hundreds of miles, Lei Jiudong suddenly stopped at a flat piece of land in the forest. Yi Ming followed behind him but didn't move, "What are you doing?" "Nothing much, I just lured you into the formation."

Lei Jiudong clapped his hands, and suddenly, many large flags surged out of the ground. Each flag had a talisman in the shape of lightning, crackling and crackling. "Don't be nervous. This formation doesn't have any killing power. It's called the Ancestral Lightning Formation. I trust that with your eyesight, you should be able to tell." "Lightning God Ancestor Spirit Formation?"

Yi Ming looked at the huge flags that were engraved with lightning talismans, then looked around. "This formation is indeed not used to trap people. I know very well that this formation is used for cultivation. A vast amount of spiritual energy is poured into the formation, and the lightning will circulate, forming a connection with the ancestral spirit of the Thunder God, opening up one's entire body and tempering one's astral energy. It's domineering and fierce, but every time it's used, it consumes a great deal of energy.

"Right, this formation needs too much spiritual energy. It needs to be placed in a Spirit Gathering Formation and nurtured for 60 years."

Lei Jiudong walked around casually, "Take a look, I don't have any animosity, I just want to help you raise your realm." "You are so nice?" Yi Ming frowned.

"I told you that someone used a talisman to blind your heart. As long as you raise your realm, you will be able to cultivate a supreme technique and regain your original appearance. My Lei Family came to recruit you and give you a huge gift." Lei Jiudong said, "You are a formation expert, so take a look at this formation. Did I lie to you? My Lei Family wasted 60 years of savings just to trick you? " "I am clear about the strength of this formation and I have records of it."

Yi Ming frowned, "I am indeed stuck at an important stage and am unable to cultivate the Samadhi True Fire. The greatest use of this formation is to refine energy, strengthen the body, and open up acupoints. It can also use the power of lightning to shape one's body. Even the Glass Jade Body can be formed using this body, saving many years of hard work. But why didn't the Tenth Prince use it?" "Him?"

Lei Jiudong laughed coldly, "This brat is tyrannical and tyrannical. Not only that, he doesn't have the pure bloodline of our Lei Clan. Our Lei Clan is extremely unhappy with him. If it wasn't for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, who would have given him so many benefits? Moreover, his cultivation is too low, so isn't this a waste?

This formation is best used when one is at Dao Realm Seven to Eight or Eight to Nine Transformations. Okay, if you want to cultivate the Samadhi True Fire, then stand in the formation. If you don't, then treat it like I didn't say anything. " "Scoff!"

Yi Ming scoffed coldly, "I want to see what you are plotting. Why wouldn't I take something that is sent to me?"

"That's right, it is definitely a gift." Lei Jiudong praised, "With your intellect and foresight, it is tough for me to lie to you." Suddenly, he took out a small flag and waved it. The formation started to activate. Pili Pala! Many snake-shaped lightning bolts spun in the formation and surged towards Yi Ming.

Yi Ming touched the lightning and it was actually fine. Instead, the lightning drilled into his body and made him feel really comfortable, "Not bad, this is the essence of lightning. It has a godly power that gives birth to life."

"Since that is the case, then what are you waiting for? Rub the Xiantian Earth Energy in your body and burn it to form the Samadhi True Fire. Refine those talismans that are controlling you."

Lei Jiudong suddenly spat out a few mouthfuls of fresh blood into the formation. The lightning within became even more intense and actually wrapped Yi Ming up. The lightning within was like millions of silver snakes dancing about. Excitement appeared on Yi Ming's face. He opened his mouth and swallowed all the silver snakes. More silver snakes turned into thin threads and drilled into his pores.

"The moment he refines the Heart-Stealing Talisman in his body, his mind will fight against the power of the talisman. Then, I can take the chance to plant the will of the Lightning Ancestor in his body and make him a Lightning God believer. Although it takes 60 years to use the formation, it is worth it." Lei Jiudong nodded, "If not, how could I have subdued such an expert?"

"Maha Transformation, Chaotic Demon Dao, Sun and Moon Transformation, Heavenly Dao Sinking, One Hand to Mend the Heavens …" Yi Ming felt really comfortable. He activated his True Qi and merged all the lightning power into it. Kacha kacha! The blood in his body circulated quickly and there was the sound of ice melting.

The lightning essence was really useful in refining True Qi. It made his True Qi tougher, gentler, stronger, and more flexible. This energy could turn into silk, blades, and swords. It was even more closely connected to his soul.

In just this short period of time, he had saved decades of hard work. The thickness of his True Qi had nearly doubled.

"What is going on? Why haven't you lit up the Samadhi True Flame?

You have absorbed so many lightning elites. These are good things that we have accumulated for 1,000 years. "

Lei Jiudong was shocked, "This plan is flawless. If the Lightning God has such a strong believer and he snatched it from Maha, then the rewards would be immeasurable." "Master is right."

Yi Ming, who was in the array, comfortably absorbed the energy. "After the news is leaked, many people will definitely target me. I'll beat them at their own game and obtain countless benefits." Honglong!

The formation became even fiercer and all the lightning changed once more. The lightning snakes turned into lightning dragons.

Yi Ming felt more comfortable absorbing it. He started to refine the True Flame all over his body. From his feet up, this was the process of forming the Glass Jade Body. Originally, he would need 30-40 years to form the Dao Realm Glass Jade Body. But now, he saved a lot of time and even made his body really strong.

"Absorb all of it!"

Yi Ming turned the True Qi in his body into a whirlpool. A strong suction force spread out and instantly all the lightning in the formation was sucked dry.

The flags in the surroundings lost their effects and stopped moving. The energy accumulated over the past 60 years was completely used up. As for Yi Ming, he was not done yet. He looked at Lei Jiu Dong from within the array. "That's it? I was about to break through, so why did it stop? " "You didn't break through to the Eight Transformation True Flame Realm?

Impossible, such power can definitely cause the True Qi in your body to transform and form the True Flame. "Lei Jiudong nearly jumped up. His eyes opened wide," What happened? " "I am lacking a bit of strength."

Yi Ming said seriously, "I've cultivated a secret art that makes it extremely difficult to use True Qi. Of course, it's also extremely powerful. Do you know the Hell King's Ten Halls Dao in the Maha Suppression Scripture? Ordinary experts might be able to advance to the Eight Transformations, but I need ten times more." "10 times?"

Lei Jiudong suddenly said, "Since that is the case, then follow me back to Lei Family. I will take out the Lightning Emperor Relic and help you form the True Flame."

"Why don't you bring the Lightning Emperor Relic here? I can't leave the castle too far and I can't go against his orders." Yi Ming was acting.