Chapter 455
===========

When the real Wudang Xing was sent into the Life's Wish sphere, he saw Zhuge Ya and Dou Nineteen.

"Hello, Wudang Xing, an unparalleled genius of the Wu Clan's younger generation," Zhuge Ya greeted Wudang Xing.

"Your Celestial Calmness Department is truly audacious. How dare you imprison me!?

Do you really want to become enemies with the aristocratic families of the world? "Wudang Xing roared." The consequences are not something your Celestial Calmness Department can bear. " "What an idiot." The one who spoke was not Zhuge Ya, but Dou Nineteen.

"Who are you? How dare you speak to me like this!"

Although Wudang Xing was captured, his killing intent and aura did not diminish in the slightest. "I want to see if the Celestial Calmness Department can imprison me for a long time."

"The one who spoke is Dou Nineteen, the son of the Victorious Battle Celestial. He was also captured by our Celestial Calmness Department, but he is now cooperating with us and has become an honored guest." Zhuge Ya introduced Dou Nineteen. Wudang Xing's roar immediately came to a halt.

He was a proud son of heaven, an unparalleled genius of a sage clan. His status even surpassed Jing Fanxing's.

Jing Fanxing was born in the tiny Jing Clan and had entered the Black Heaven Earth Gate as a disciple. How could a direct descendant of the Wu Clan compare to him?

But compared to Big Dipper Nineteen, his status was like a commoner in the countryside meeting a noble lord. He became lowly. No matter how powerful the Wu Clan was, they could not compare to the three Heavenly Venerables.

"How dare an ant like you clamor in front of me?" Dou Nineteen looked down on Wudang Xing.

Wudang Xing's mouth moved, wanting to say something harsh, but he could not. In front of the sons of the three Heavenly Venerables, even he himself felt that his words were childish and laughable.

Even if Dou Nineteen killed him, the Wu Clan would not dare to cause trouble for the three Heavenly Venerables. He could only swallow his anger.

In the hearts of countless immortal sects, aristocratic families, and even the Demon Dao and Monster Dao, the three Heavenly Venerables were invincible existences, far surpassing the Heavenly Talisman Great Monarch.

Although the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was the hegemon of the world, he was still too young. The three Ascendants had established their authority since the Supreme Ancient Immortal Realms. Throughout history, many powerful existences had fallen under the schemes of the three Ascendants. In the eyes of many supreme experts, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was merely another member of the Qiong Xing Clan. Although he might be at the peak of his power now, it would only last for a short period of time.

Wudang Xing was arrogant, but he absolutely did not dare to be arrogant in front of the sons of three Empyreans.

"Wu Dang Xing, you're so stubborn. You'd better stay here and repent. I won't kill you."

Zhuge Ya pointed at the Common People's Wish Institute. Instantly, countless vows descended, wrapping Wudang Xing within. "These vows were made by the common people, and they've all been injected into our sphere. As a disciple of an aristocratic family, you should listen carefully to the vows of the common people."

The Calming Immortal Department had established the Common People's Wish Institute. Now, they were recruiting disciples from the various prefectures. During the assessment, the disciples would have to make these vows. The power of these vows would then be channeled into the Common People's Wish Sphere, turning into a surging torrent. From then on, the Common People's Wish Sphere would truly live up to its name.

However, the power of these vows was still very weak. The nourishment they provided to the Common People's Wish Sphere was only a trickle. But as the Institute expanded, the number of apprentices would increase. In the future, there would be hundreds of thousands, millions, or even tens of millions, or even hundreds of millions of apprentices. Every day, they would have to make vows. The power of these vows was simply invincible. It was enough to make the Common People's Wish Sphere a treasure on the same level as the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

This kind of Common People's Wish Sphere was not the kind of faith that worshipped a god. Instead, it was a kind of thought.

This was because those who entered the Institute would make an oath to fight for the sake of the common people and for the sake of the human race. The true meaning of this oath was that it came from the common people and was used for the common people. It was not targeted at a saint or a god.

These vows and wishes would converge into a kind of thought. When the Calming Immortal Department brought it up, it would be extremely terrifying. The Calming Immortal Department's method was to use benefits to tempt people with righteousness.

As for which was more important, countless saints and scholars had studied it countless times since ancient times. The Calming Immortal Department naturally had its own reasoning.

They still adhered to the idea of valuing benefits first before valuing righteousness. Only when one was rich would one know etiquette.

Only when everyone was well-fed and well-clothed and rich would they pay attention to order and etiquette. They would pursue things on a higher spiritual level.

If everyone was on the verge of starvation and cold, they would be able to do all sorts of evil things.

Therefore, the Calming Immortal Department first used great benefits to tempt the common people, causing them to fight to be the first.

"Scram! Scram! You lowly commoners will always be lowly commoners. You want to surpass us aristocratic families? That's just seeking death. You can only be enslaved forever." Wu Dang Xing seemed to have gone mad as he shouted and shouted. Zhuge Ya ignored him, allowing him to shout and shout.

Dou Nineteen, on the other hand, shivered. "This kid's magic power is shallow. Before long, he will be brainwashed by this wish power. This wish power is extremely powerful. Even I might not be able to withstand it for a long time. " This wish power had already become a thought. It was a general trend and atmosphere.

For example, when many people shouted slogans together, it would attract people who were normally unrelated to them to shout as well. Under the influence of this atmosphere, it was like a rolling snowball that grew bigger and bigger.

"Dou Nineteen, what do you think of the upgrade of our Common People's Wish sphere?" Zhuge Ya asked.

"The wish power of the common people is extremely terrifying."

Dou Nineteen's expression was grave. "I organized the Everlasting Extermination Alliance to destroy the Imperial Court, but now it seems I miscalculated."

"The general trend of the world is like a raging fire. The future has reached a critical juncture. If we don't take advantage of it, we'll remain conservative and blindly believe in the past. I'm afraid we'll suffer a calamity. Dou Nineteen, you need to think this through."

Zhuge Ya was still warning him. Right now, he wanted to pull Dou Nineteen into the Calming Immortal Department. That way, he would be able to place chess pieces under the command of the three Celestials.

"I'm afraid the Wu Clan doesn't know that Wu Dang Xing has been captured, but they'll find out sooner or later. How will the Calming Immortal Department respond? Are we really going to oppose the aristocratic families of the world? Losing a Golden Core powerhouse is like cutting off a chunk of the Wu Clan's flesh. "

Dou Nineteen's conversations with Zhuge Ya over the past few days had dispelled many temptations for his own cultivation. The Lord of Seven Stars truly lived up to her name. Her experience and comprehension of cultivation even surpassed that of a Deity.

"It is okay. The Wu Clan has always been plotting against us."

Zhuge Ya smiled, "You are involved, so you should know that His Highness has cultivated the Heaven Path Technique. Not only can it mimic a human form, but it can also mimic a person's fate. This means that if we kill you and His Highness turns into you, even the three Celestial Venerables won't be able to notice. That is because it won't be fake; it will be the real you." Shua!

Dou Nineteen's expression changed. His face turned ashen white, and after a long while, he barely opened his mouth, "I am afraid it won't be so easy. My cultivation is at the Dao Realm 25 Transformation Undying Body. The Heaven Path Technique allows me to mimic other people's bodies, aura, aura, and even fate. But cultivation is the real thing, so I am afraid I can't mimic it." "That is not bad."

Zhuge Ya nodded his head, "Cultivation can't be mimicked, but do you think that it is difficult for His Highness to reach your realm?

His talent is that of a Natural Saint and he has cultivated the Heaven Path Technique. He also has numerous resources to support him, so if he wants to cultivate, it isn't surprising for him to reach the Dao Realm 25 Transformation.

When the time comes, he will use your identity to do things. Do you think anyone will be able to recognize him? "

"You all …" Naturally, Dou Nineteen knew that Gu Chensha's cultivation realm wouldn't be a problem. He had the talent of a Natural Saint and could reach the peak of the 36 Transformation.

Dou Nineteen's own talent was at the peak of a top genius, so it was impossible for him to become a Natural Saint. He cultivated the Dragon Creation Technique, so it was easy for him to become a top genius. But he didn't have the Saint Dragon Heart Technique and he didn't have the Desolate Dragon Sect's Saint Dragon Energy.

"You don't have to worry about that. Actually, the Three Celestial Venerables are unfathomable. Even if you could hide it from them, we wouldn't let Your Highness take such a risk," Zhuge Ya said. "What about the White Tiger egg and the Green Dragon egg that your clone obtained?"

"The White Tiger egg is easier, but the Green Dragon egg needs to be dealt with by Heaven and Earth Sect."

Dou Nineteen said, "But it shouldn't be a problem. Within three months, I will definitely settle this."

"Then, I will wait for your good news." Zhuge Ya didn't reply. Dou Nineteen was unable to guess what he was thinking.

During the few days he spent talking to Zhuge Ya, Dou Nineteen couldn't see through him at all. He was really deep and indiscernible. Moreover, Zhuge Ya knew all of his memories, so he didn't dare to play any tricks in front of him.

At this moment, Gu Chensha had already turned into Wudang Xing. His body also mimicked his aura and cultivation. They were the same person. Moreover, he had all of Wudang Xing's memories, so there were no loopholes when he transformed.

Wudang Xing had an 18 Transformation Great Dao Golden Core and he was 20, so it was easier for him to mimic the changes.

The Heaven Path Technique's quality was lower than his, so there were basically no loopholes. But if it was higher than the main body, then there was nothing he could do. After all, the realm was fixed and there was no way to mimic changes.

After arriving at the capital city, Gu Chensha's incarnation of Wudang Xing stayed in the Wu Clan's guild hall in the capital city. Wudang Xing's status in the clan was extremely high, so he naturally received excellent treatment. He used the Wu Family's unique technique to send talismans to Wu Dangkong. As expected, at night, one of Wu Dangkong's clones appeared in the hall.

"Dang Xing, the elders have told me about your plan."

Wu Dangkong looked at Gu Chensha's Wudang Xing form. As expected, she couldn't tell whether it was real or fake. Her Sun Moon Dragon Eyes could see through all changes, but they were useless against Gu Chensha's transformation.