Chapter 107
===========

A few million was not a small sum. In the capital city, the princes relied on their manors and officials to pay tributes. Their various businesses added up did not even add up to a million. Only those who held real power, such as the Third Prince Gu Fasha, could accumulate a few million every year by leading an army to fight against the barbarians. However, they earned a lot and spent a lot, so they did not have much left.

"The wild beasts and medicinal herbs in the surrounding forest cannot withstand long periods of harvesting and hunting. I estimate that in three to five years, or at most eight to ten years, they will be completely harvested. At that time, we will lose our income. But so what?" Gu Chensha was also far-sighted.

"I've thought about that too."

His foster son said, "The long-term path is actually farming. Open up wastelands for farming, livestock, and strong barbarian horses. Their prices are quite high in the Pass. The weather in the Wilderness is hot and humid, so we can plant special fruit trees and various medicinal herbs. I've already ordered the barbarian slaves to do this. I estimate that we can earn several hundred thousand a year.

My fief is quite large and vast, but it is not like the capital, where every inch of land is worth its weight in gold. "

"Master, you can find some pharmacists to refine the medicinal herbs into medicinal pills and sell them for a lot of money. There are many adventurers in the Wilderness now. Insect repellent pills and antidote pills are very popular." Yi Ming interrupted.

"Very good. Brainstorm. I'll leave all of this to you.

Besides, Long Yuyun is also an expert in business. Discuss with her and you can come up with a better idea. "

Gu Chensha said, "Also, leave Long Yuyun's business to her. Don't sneak into the fief. Although she has pledged her allegiance to me, the accounts need to be clear. After all, she also needs to raise a group of people, and the interests of Dragonsword Island are hard to settle. I don't want the bad reputation of squeezing people who pledge their allegiance to me to spread. Otherwise, who would dare to pledge their allegiance in the future? If the bad reputation spreads, how can I recruit Baoyu Nation? "

"My plan is very thorough. But with my methods, I don't need to squeeze Dragonsword Island dry." His foster son knew the severity of the situation.

Gu Chensha thought about it and agreed. His cultivation base had advanced by the day, and the Great Dragon Armor was undergoing endless transformations under his refinement. Sooner or later, it would evolve into the King Dragon Armor. With the addition of the Sun Moon Altar, going to the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple wouldn't be impossible.

Of course, it was impossible for him, a prince, to steal the construction of his fief. He had to raise a large group of subordinates, so he had to create his own income. That was the balance of the heavenly law.

As he was speaking, Liu Yu came up to report the situation. "Your Highness, it's good that you are back. Yu Han Lu brought her trusted subordinates, a total of more than five thousand people. They said that they have left Baoyu Country and are here to seek refuge. They are prepared to stay here for a long time and hope that Your Highness can accept them. Since Your Highness isn't here, I don't dare to make the decision on my own. I can only arrange for her people to stay in the town to the west of the castle.

At this moment, Frost Jade Dew came in again, saying that she hoped that her people could stay in the castle. Zhou Bu, Qian Zhen and the rest waited in the main hall to receive her. Do you want me to invite the Cold Jade Dew up to talk to Wangye? " "No need, I will go myself." Gu Chensha went down the tower and went straight to the main hall.

The meeting hall was very spacious and could accommodate thousands of people. In the middle of the hall, Zhou Bu was sparring with an imposing young man. Both of them were using swords. Cold light flashed, like stars in the sky.

Frost Jade Dew was watching from the side. There were seven or eight experts behind her, and all of them had serious expressions on their faces.

"The world is calm, the autumn wind is bleak, the winter snow is endless, the spring is in full bloom, the summer thunder breaks through the mountains, there are ten days in the sky, the mountains and rivers are scorched …" Suddenly, the sword in Zhou Bu's hand exploded with boundless light. The young man retreated, but Zhou Bu stabbed his wrist, causing his sword to fall to the ground.

Zhou Bu's attack had succeeded, and he immediately retreated. He sheathed his sword and stood upright, saying, "Sorry for the offense."

The young man picked up his sword and looked like he was about to pounce forward, but Frost Jade Dew stopped him. "Little Que, you are not his opponent. Stand down."

"Master, that young man is one of the best of the younger generation in Baoyu Nation. His name is Yu Que, and he broke through to the Dao Realm a while ago. He is very strong," Zhou Bu explained from behind Gu Chensha.

"Your Highness, you actually came back."

Frost Jade Dew saw Gu Chensha walk over and immediately stood up in shock. "I didn't expect Your Highness' subordinates to be so strong. Little Que is a genius of the royal family, and he has been taught sword techniques by an immortal in the Eastern Wastelands since he was young. But he still lost to Your Highness' subordinates. I have lost this bet." "What bet?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Your Highness, I took the liberty of making a bet with Brother Yu Que. If Brother Yu Que wins, they will be allowed to stay in this castle. If I win, they will give me ten pieces of top quality jade." Zhou Bu knelt down on one knee, "Please forgive me, Your Highness." "What crime?"

Gu Chensha helped him up. "You are the Minister of Guards in my mansion, but you have the right to handle such defense. Your martial arts have improved well, but there are still many flaws. I will point them out to you when the time comes." "Yes." Zhou Bu got up, retreated to the side, and didn't move.

"Liu Yu, take these guests and treat them well. I have something to talk to Lady Frost Jade about." Gu Chensha waved his hand.

"Please, I have prepared a top-class banquet," Liu Yu said to the people behind Frost Jade Dew.

The people behind Frost Jade Dew were all members of the royal family, but they all followed her lead and listened to her.

"Go ahead, I want to talk to Your Highness too." Frost Jade Dew spoke, and only then did they move, following Liu Yu to the banquet.

Gu Chensha saw this and knew that Frost Jade Dew had a very high status in the royal family of Baoyu Nation.

"Your Highness, it seems like your methods are far beyond my imagination. Yuyun has completely submitted to you and is dead set on you. I know that Yuyun has a strong character and never submits to anyone. To be able to gain her trust, you must be extraordinary." Frost Jade Dew looked around.

"As for this mansion, although it has the layout of the Black Tortoise Emerging from the Sea, I can clearly feel that my body and mind are relaxed when I live in it. The aura here is rich, as if there is a peerless artifact suppressing the entire castle. This place is almost comparable to the layout of our Baoyu Nation's palace. My guards and attendants number in the thousands, and they live in the market outside the castle. Although the houses are big and spacious, it is inconvenient to do things there, and there is no peace for cultivation. I hope that Your Highness can draw a piece of land in the castle for us to live in. I see that Your Highness' castle is big, but it is empty and lacks people.

This castle can accommodate tens of thousands of people at most, and it is more than enough to accommodate the thousands of people we have. " "That is not a problem."

Gu Chensha thought for a while, "Later, I will arrange for a piece of land for you. However, you will announce to the public that if you are a vassal of the royal family, I will pay for your food and lodging. I can pay for your food and lodging. How about it? "

"Are you asking me to completely submit to you?" Yu Hanlu seemed to have expected this request from Gu Chensha.

"It is just a show for the outside world."

Gu Chensha said, "Of course, I also want you to completely submit to me. However, everyone has their own ambitions, and I cannot force you. You want to live in my castle not because it is convenient for you to practice martial arts. I am afraid that if there are internal problems in Baoyu Nation, you will not be able to protect them. Thus, you came here to hide for a while." "It seems that nothing can be hidden from you? Did Yuyun tell you this? "Yu Hanlu asked.

"Long Yuyun did not say anything about this, but even if you use your brain, you can guess that the Baoyu Nation's court is divided into those who want to recruit and those who want to resist. You want to recruit, and the Baoyu Nation's Crown Prince wants to fight against the court. If you had the upper hand, the recruitment would not have been done by me. It would have been done by the other princes."

Gu Chensha did not need any information to analyze the situation, "So you can still control the situation. Recently, the Crown Prince's faction must have received some powerful reinforcements and forced you out."

"That's right, I am a straightforward person. Recently, the Eastern Barren Immortals came to support the Crown Prince. I have no choice but to hide. "Yu Hanlu spoke the truth.

"The legendary immortal sects are also interfering in the affairs of the mortal world, and even going against the court?"

Gu Chensha frowned, "Right now, Imperial Father is about to succeed in suppressing the Barbarian God. Not only are they not coming to help, but they even want to cause trouble. Are they the immortal path or the demonic path?"

"They are all lofty and lofty immortal sects, viewing us mortals as ants. If we don't do things according to their wishes, they would say that we are devils. In their eyes, the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor is the greatest devil that defied the heavens."

Yu Hanlu spoke the truth, "Before the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, those immortal sects recruited disciples in the various countries, creating their own sects and messing up the laws. Everything was not decided by the court, but by these 'immortals'. But now, things are different. The Heavenly Talisman Dynasty has wiped them out, upholding the law and upholding the morals, causing them to lose control of the mortal world.

Naturally, they think that this is treason. Without the weakness and ignorance of the mortals, how can they show off the greatness of the immortal dao? " "Well said."

Gu Chensha clapped his hands, "The people of the world say that the immortal dao is good, but in truth, it is because of the ignorance and suffering of the mortals. When the mortals break away from this, the immortal dao has nothing to brag about."

"What the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is doing now is enlightening the people and relieving their suffering. Naturally, this poses a great threat to the immortal dao, and at the same time, he is the enemy of the demonic dao.

Yu Hanlu said, "I agree with the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's politics, this is also the reason why I want to recruit him." "We can talk about this in the future. Can you agree to my conditions?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Yes, but there is no need for food and lodging. We will arrange everything ourselves, and we will also pay the rent.

My men can join the army, and I can become a guest elder. How about it? "Yu Hanlu's conditions were very loose.