Chapter 111
===========

He also vaguely knew a lot of information and knew that this Grand Preceptor had an extraordinary relationship with his mother.

Since he wanted to see him, then he couldn't hide from him. Why not head over openly and find out the truth? He returned to his bedroom and kept the Xuanwu Egg. At the same time, he instructed some subordinates before following Chen Lingyun to the depths of the wilderness.

He didn't activate the Great Dragon Armor and rode on the Roc. There was no need to waste Spirit Crystals. He had obtained 15 crystals from the Shadow Priest, but after spending so much, he only had 10 left.

Although he had the Sky Dragon Spirit Gathering Flag to gather Spirit Liquid, it wasn't as useful as Spirit Crystals.

High up in the sky, the Golden Winged Roc sped through the white clouds. It didn't use much strength to carry the two of them. It spread its wings and caused the air currents to surge. It then glided in the air, displaying its amazing flying skills.

"This bird has already become a Monster."

Gu Chensha observed and realized that the bird was actually spitting out large amounts of Spiritual Energy. It was already at Dao Realm and its feathers were as tough as iron. It felt like it was made of real gold. It wasn't at the first transformation but the third transformation. It had copper skin and iron bones.

The bird's strength was shocking. Even if it didn't cultivate, it could grab cows and horses into the air. After being nurtured by experts, it became even stronger than people of the same realm.

After estimating it, Gu Chensha felt that his strength couldn't even compare to this Golden Winged Roc. Of course, this was normal as it was a Primordial World Variant Monster.

"You aren't afraid at all. I can toss you down at any moment." Chen Lingyun's tone was threatening, "You are so high. Even a Dao Realm Transformation Four would die from the fall."

The Golden Winged Roc's back was really wide like a bed. However, when it flew, the wind would howl. If one didn't have some ability, one wouldn't be able to sit still.

Luckily, Gu Chensha's cultivation was really high. He used the Thousand Kilogram Falling technique to stick to it and wasn't affected by the air currents.

One had to say that although it looked cool sitting on the back of the Roc, it was actually a torture. The air currents were really cold and the wind was really strong. His nose and mouth were filled with wind and a layer of ice formed on his hair. If he was a Martial Grandmaster, he probably wouldn't be able to take it and would be frozen.

He didn't reply to Chen Lingyun. With a thought, the Great Dragon Armor instantly covered his body. Only then did he feel much more comfortable. He sighed inwardly, "Even though I've reached the Dao Realm, I'm still made of flesh and blood. The astral winds in the sky are really powerful."

"That armor of yours has amazing transformations. It's a treasure." Chen Lingyun was a little envious. "However, if it were to fly, it would probably consume a lot of spiritual energy." "Not bad."

Gu Chensha's entire body felt warm as he circulated his blood and Qi to resonate with the Great Dragon Armor. Instantly, strength surged through his limbs. Even the golden-winged roc turned to look at him. He had been using his blood to refine the armor every day. Although it hadn't completely transformed into the King's Dragon Armor, it was becoming more and more miraculous. When he activated it, it was like an extension of his arm. "Weapons and armor are essential for war. I don't dare to be careless." "This should also be bestowed upon you by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor."

Chen Lingyun took out an elixir and stuffed it into the golden-winged roc's mouth. Her sleeves fluttered in the wind, revealing her profound cultivation. "You will be bought over by these small favors." "This armor is something I cultivated myself."

Gu Chensha said, "Auntie, you definitely know about what happened in the past, so why didn't you tell me? Why did you insist on meeting the Grand Tutor?"

"There are some things that I can't explain. Moreover, the Grand Tutor has an important matter to discuss with you."

Chen Lingyun's tone became gentler but when she thought back to how Gu Chensha stole her talisman, she laughed coldly. "I didn't expect you to be so skilled. Gu Taxian's sons aren't ordinary people. But you also miscalculated. As long as the Barbarian Race God Envoy reaches Dao Realm Eight Transformation, he will naturally use the Samadhi True Flame to refine the talisman. When the time comes, he will start a massacre in your residence and you will be at a loss.

Why don't you hand this person to me and I will bring him back to the Grand Tutor. He will activate his supreme technique to make the Barbarian Race God Envoy yield. How about that? " "If Auntie can think of it, then why can't I?"

Gu Chensha was really confident but it gave Chen Lingyun a mysterious feeling. "My cultivation is low but I have done so many things. Does Auntie really think that there is no one behind me?" "Who is behind you?"

Chen Lingyun didn't fully believe him. "It definitely isn't the Heaven Talisman Emperor. He wouldn't do such a pointless thing. I really can't think of anyone." "Naturally, you will know when the time comes." Gu Chensha pretended to be suspicious.

The Golden Winged Roc flew for two to three days and who knew where he was in the wilderness. Suddenly, a large lake appeared in front of him and numerous islands dotted the lake. They were like stars in the sky.

"This is a really amazing formation to lay out islands in the lake that are similar to the stars in the sky." Gu Chensha observed. The Roc descended quickly towards one of the islands in the lake.

The central island was huge and it was 100 miles wide. Many palaces and houses were built there. There were also fruit trees and farmland. It was like a paradise. The Golden Winged Roc landed on a high platform in front of the palace.

Gu Chensha knew that he had reached his destination. He jumped down from the back of the Roc and saw a man in scholarly robes looking at the sky. There were actually stars twinkling in the sky during the day.

This man was very young and seemed to be only 20 years old. He had a handsome and resolute face. With a single glance, one could tell that there was no one in the world that could shake his heart. There was nothing he couldn't do.

"You're here?"

The man turned around. "As expected of the son of Gu Taxian and Spiritstar. Don't be nervous, I just want to see you. I won't harm Spiritstar's son."

"Greetings, Senior Wen." Gu Chensha cupped his hands. The Great Dragon Armor on his body shrunk and turned into a belt.

This young man was Grand Preceptor Wen Hong. He was famous for suppressing the demons, devils, and immortals. He had once propped up the Xian Empire with his own strength.

If not for Gu Taxian's sudden appearance, the Xian Empire would have been the one to unify the Hundred Kingdoms.

Wen Hong glanced indifferently at the armor and did not take it to heart. "Gu Taxian's sons don't have many powerful characters. Gu Fasha, Gu Hengsha, they are all just average. If it weren't for the fact that the Heng Clan and the Legalism Clan have deep foundations, they would have long since faded into the crowd. Gu Huasha, on the other hand, is deep and has some tricks up his sleeve. Also, that Fang Lin in the imperial court is a powerful character. "

Gu Chensha was secretly shocked. He could tell that Grand Preceptor Wen Hong was a peerless giant who looked down on all the heroes in the world. Someone who could be evaluated by him as' deep and has some tricks up his sleeve 'and' powerful character 'was definitely not ordinary. 'I wonder what this person thinks of me,' Gu Chensha thought.

"As for you, you do have some tricks up your sleeves."

Wen Hong continued, "However, you haven't matured yet. It's just a small matter. When you encounter a true expert, any accumulation is useless."

"Thank you for your guidance, Grand Preceptor, but there's nothing I can do. It's already not easy for me to reach this stage after painstaking efforts."

Gu Chensha's foundation was too weak. He believed that even if he started all over again, he might not be able to do better.

"Back then, Gu Taxian was your age. He had already appeared out of nowhere and became one of the top figures of the younger generation in the Immortal Dao. His foundation was much weaker than yours."

Wen Hong looked at Gu Chensha again. "Of course, this person is a freak that has never appeared since ancient times. Even the ancient Saints can't compare to him." "Grand Preceptor, what happened to my mother back then? Can you tell me in detail? "

This was what Gu Chensha was most concerned about. Otherwise, he wouldn't have endured the cold wind on the Golden-Winged Roc for two or three days and risked great danger to come to the depths of the Wilderness.

"Back then, Spirit Star and I went to the Myriad Star Mystic Sect together to learn. We were all on the orthodox path, and we got to know Gu Taxian of the Black Heaven Earth Sect. We slayed demons and went on adventures together. At that time, we talked about everything and were very good friends.

He was a sentimental person. When we traveled the world of mortals together, he would shed tears of sadness when he saw his wife being separated, his family broken up, his old age left with no one to take care of. When he saw a happy reunion, he would also cry tears of joy. He even saw a doe being eaten by a wolf and a fawn crying piteously for food. At that time, Spirit Star and I often teased him, saying that he was so weak and fragile, why would he still want to cultivate? We cultivators pay particular attention to being ethereal and transcendent. All joy, love, and hate in the mortal world are but fleeting clouds, dreams, and bubbles.

How could there be someone like him? "Wen Hong's voice was slow as he reminisced." But he just had to be so strong. His cultivation speed was inconceivably fast, and he almost had no bottlenecks. He could learn any technique the moment he learned it. At that time, Xian Chao was strong, Yongchō was weak, and Gu Taxian wasn't fighting for the throne. That was, until something happened. " "What?"

Gu Chensha didn't expect the Heavenly Talisman Emperor to be so sentimental. But from the way he governed, it was true that he cared about the people of the world. He didn't think that he was high and mighty, and viewed the masses as ants.

"That was the invasion of the Barbarian Race."

Wen Hong continued, "Xian Prefecture and the Barbarian Race share a border. Every time the Barbarian Race invaded, it was a disaster for us."

Gu Chensha recalled the cruelty of the Barbarian Race. Regardless of whether they were male or female, old or young, they would all be sacrificed to the Barbarian Race. If they didn't have the Great Stone Wall, he wouldn't know how they would be able to defend against the Barbarian Race. Even so, he didn't interrupt, choosing to listen quietly.

"But our Xian Chao also had the protection of The Great Spirit God. It's just that there were too many barbarian gods and demons, The Great Spirit God was exhausted from supporting them."

Wen Hong stared at the sky, as though he was searching for the location of The Great Spirit God's divine kingdom. "But that time, the Barbarian Race didn't attack us. Instead, they proposed a condition. They wanted us to send a princess to the Barbarian Emperor every three years, and they also wanted three thousand young boys and girls as dowries." "We absolutely couldn't agree to that." The killing intent in Gu Chensha's eyes deepened.