Chapter 222
===========

Gu Chensha continued to dive deeper into the sea, and the water pressure increased. After diving for more than 15 miles, the King Dragon Armor was suppressed by the huge force, and it started to slow down. He felt like there was a mountain pressing down on him from all directions.

The Celestial Designer Institute had experimented that even people made of steel could be crushed when they dived for 10 miles.

When one dived for 20 miles, even the protective energy of someone at the Seventh Transformation of Dao Realm would be crushed and they wouldn't be able to move at all.

Even the Glass Jade Body wouldn't be able to take it. If one dived for 70 to 80 miles, one's body wouldn't be able to take it unless one used their soul. The soul was a ball of energy and wasn't affected by the pressure of the water.

But the deeper one went, the stronger the magnetic force. If the soul was affected by the magnetic force, it would be easily sucked in. In the end, it would dissipate and one would die. Because of all these dangers, many treasures in the deep sea were hard to find.

The pressure got stronger and stronger. After diving for 25 miles, the King Dragon Armor finally cried out and contracted. It couldn't protect Gu Chensha anymore. This was the limit of this magic treasure.

The water pressure in the deep sea wasn't an enemy's attack. If others used Xiantian Earth Energy to attack, they would be able to recover. The water pressure was a constant, never-ending pressure. In front of such power, humans were really small.

The King Dragon Armor was kept in the Dragon Gate to prevent it from being destroyed. The water pressure pressed onto Gu Chensha's body.

He didn't care at all. If it was any other Glass Jade Body, he wouldn't have been able to move. But he used the Sun Moon Dragon Body to reach the Ninth Transformation and was 100 times stronger than people of the same realm. Even if he didn't use Xiantian Earth Energy, he could still move freely in the ocean. Moreover, the water pressure was a form of training for his body.

The pressure seeped into his body and organs. He circulated Xiantian Earth Energy in his body to fight against the pressure. Just like that, his flesh and blood actually became tighter.

"Deep sea cultivation actually has such benefits."

Gu Chensha was secretly delighted. He had been cultivating amidst the thunderbolts above the sea, condensing his cultivation base and absorbing the thunderbolts to temper his body. Now, in the depths of the sea, he was borrowing the majestic power to compress his flesh, blood, and aura, and he had actually received an unexpected result.

He stopped and began to use his fist technique in the depths of the sea. He waved his fist casually, and when he punched out, it was in accordance with the Heavenly Dao. With his body as the center, the seawater was actually pushed away.

He displayed all his martial arts to his heart's content, such as the Great Spirit God Technique, the Demonic Book of Chaos, the martial arts of the Temple of Hell Serpent, the [Ethereal Divine Fist], the fist technique of the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art, the Great Massacre God Technique, and even the Clumsy Fist that he created himself.

In the book of light given to him by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, there were many secret martial arts manuals. He had already studied several thousand of them.

There was nothing particularly tyrannical about those martial arts, but the theories contained a lot of predecessors' wisdom and wonderful ideas, which were worth learning from. These martial arts were all displayed under the pressure of the deep sea.

In his sea of consciousness, 3,000 copies of himself appeared, each performing a different martial art. His body moved freely, and when he punched out, the moves would change hundreds of times. Under such intense pressure, his spiritual consciousness expanded without limit.

He could now multitask 3,000 times at once, but he had not reached his limit, so he could not cultivate the Ten Transformations of the Dao Realm. And at this moment, he could vaguely feel the possibility of breaking through the limit. Crackle, crackle!

In his mind, another 1,000 copies of himself appeared, and he could already multitask 4,000 times at once.

The 4,000 copies of himself practiced different martial arts, all of them thinking, and in the end, all the martial arts once again became the Clumsy Fist Nine Moves. Gu Chensha's understanding of martial arts had deepened by another level. All martial arts were to pave the way for one's own dao. His foundation was the Clumsy Fist Nine Moves.

In the deep sea, he calculated again, and his understanding of martial arts was much deeper. His multitasking level had also increased by 30%. As the Stellar Energy in his body circulated, it was sometimes as soft as cotton, and sometimes as hard as steel. He could combine them at will, condensing them into runes.

Once again, he dove a full 100 li deep. His body could not bear it any longer. This was a place that only Jindan Dao experts could descend.

But he suddenly howled, and Connate Stellar Energy appeared from all the pores on his body, spewing out runes that pushed the seawater aside. It formed the shape of a Black Tortoise outside his body, wrapping him within.

He stood within the Connate Stellar Energy Black Tortoise that he had condensed, constantly activating it. Instantly, the pressure of the seawater was dispelled by him.

At this time, if an outsider saw him, they would be shocked to discover that Gu Chensha had become a Black Tortoise. Even the Nine Palace Grid on his back could be seen clearly, and one could even see that the Nine Treasures of the Black Tortoise were condensed within.

Of course, those with strong eyesight would be able to see that Gu Chensha's body was hidden in the core of the Black Tortoise. This was just a transformation of the Connate Stellar Energy.

"The Transformation of the Sun and Moon is truly wondrous. My cultivation has increased, and my Connate Stellar Energy can condense into a Black Tortoise to swim in the deep sea."

Gu Chensha secretly calculated. His talent was now that of an unparalleled genius. His mind was nimble, and his potential was immense. He was completely different from before. The Transformation of the Sun and Moon had the Four Symbols Transformation, which was to use one's own Connate Stellar Energy to transform into the Four Symbols of the Mythical Beasts. This was an extremely high level of cultivation, and with Gu Chensha's cultivation level, he would never have been able to do this. But after spending day and night with a real Black Tortoise, and even absorbing a portion of its bloodline, which seeped into his Stellar Energy, he could barely achieve one-thousandth of this transformation.

A real Black Tortoise had a dimensional space maze hidden within its body. It could not be a simple Stellar Energy form.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha did not use the Black Tortoise Stellar Energy form to fight. He only used it to resist the water pressure, and it was very easy for him.

As expected, after the Stellar Energy condensed into a Black Tortoise to wrap around himself, the pressure on him was greatly reduced, and he felt relaxed.

If a Jindan of the Great Dao expert appeared in the sea to fight him, he would definitely be killed by him.

In the process of diving to the bottom of the sea, Gu Chensha had a clearer understanding of the structure of the Black Tortoise. Under greater pressure, he could gain more. He constantly adjusted the circulation of his Stellar Energy, making the Black Tortoise incarnation even more exquisite.

In a short while, he had already submerged to a depth of more than 120 miles. His surroundings were pitch black, and there was almost no light at all. He had not cultivated his soul tendrils, so he could not explore.

Fortunately, there were nine treasures on the back of the Black Tortoise formed from his Stellar Energy, and one of them was the Darkfire Lamp. It immediately gave off light. Instantly, the deep sea within a radius of ten miles was brightly illuminated, vivid in his eyes.

He sat down cross-legged, activating the Stellar Energy Black Tortoise that wrapped around his body. As he crawled on the bottom of the sea, he constantly absorbed Spiritual Qi from the depths of the void and converted it into Stellar Energy.

Moving in the deep sea consumed a great deal of Stellar Energy. Even if he used the swallowing power of the Dragon Gate, he could only barely support it.

If his Connate Stellar Energy was even slightly insufficient, it would be directly scattered by the water pressure, and then his body would be crushed.

One must know that this was the deep sea that was more than a hundred miles deep. Martial cultivators were basically unable to come down.

The sea was incomparably deep. Actually, more than a hundred miles was not considered deep. It was rumored that there were even deeper ravines at the bottom of the sea, the depths of the eye of the sea, that could be as deep as a thousand miles, or even ten thousand miles. Only those who had cultivated the "Undying Body" could enter and explore.

At this moment, Gu Chensha had also observed the deep sea, and realized that there were very few living creatures here. Occasionally, there were some animals, but their bodies were flat, as thin as a piece of paper, so that they could resist the water pressure.

However, Gu Chensha did not dare to let his guard down. The animals that could survive in the deep sea were all extremely strong, and definitely not to be trifled with.

He landed on an underwater mountain. This mountain had a radius of a few hundred miles, and it was covered by a thick layer of silt.

Gu Chensha activated the Stellar Energy Black Tortoise's claws to dig away the silt, and immediately saw layers of jade light. The entire mountain was actually condensed from fine jade.

"No wonder this region of the sea is filled with Spirit Qi. Lightning dragons, Broken Bone Fish, and many sea beasts swim in the upper layers of the sea. So there really is a jade mountain in the deep sea." Gu Chensha knocked on the jade mountain, and it let out a clear and ethereal sound.

"Good jade!"

He could immediately tell that this fine jade no longer had any impurities. Under the pressure of the deep sea, and after millions of years of refinement by the underground fire at the bottom of the sea, it had already been refined to the point where it could not be any more refined.

He pressed down with his claws, wanting to dig out a piece of jade from the mountain, and see the structure of the jade.

However, that Stellar Energy claw seemed to have encountered an indestructible divine artifact, and actually could not touch the deep sea jade mountain at all.

"How is this possible?"

He was shocked. "My Innate Stellar Energy is almost indestructible. It's impossible that I can't dig out this jade mountain."

He activated his Stellar Energy repeatedly, changing it into various forms, but he could not even carve a mark on the jade mountain.

"Father, did you notice?

This jade mountain is not a simple jade mountain. It has been condensed by an extremely powerful magic power. "At this time, the Black Tortoise baby spoke from within the Sun Moon Altar.

After repeated attempts, Gu Chensha also discovered that the jade mountain's structure was very profound. It seemed to have condensed into some kind of talisman, and it was more than a thousand times more brilliant than talisman steel.

"Can you break off a piece?" Gu Chensha asked the Black Tortoise baby.

"I can't."

The Black Tortoise baby said directly, "I feel that this jade mountain is an artifact used by an ancient great being to suppress some kind of evil thing. Maybe there is some kind of powerful devil suppressed under this jade mountain." "Very likely."

Gu Chensha looked at the deep sea below the mountain. It was so deep that he could not see the bottom. He knew that if he continued to go down, he might not be able to withstand it even if he used his Stellar Energy to condense a Black Tortoise.

However, if he could obtain a piece of this jade mountain, it would be a huge fortune, and he did not want to let it go.

"That's right, the Sun Moon Talisman has a technique called Jade Transformation Talisman. It uses the laws of talisman arts and the frequency of the jade to refine the essence of the jade, turning it into Immortal Nectar."

Gu Chensha suddenly said, "The higher the quality of the jade, the higher the quality of the Immortal Nectar. Some of the Immortal Nectar transformed from fine jade is even of a higher grade than heavenly dew. Fine jade is also one of the artifacts used to offer sacrifices to the heavens. "

Immediately, he formed a talisman with both hands, and the Innate Stellar Energy in his body condensed into a talisman. This talisman had a myriad of changes, and it was gentle and exquisite, similar to fine jade.

"Jade Transformation Liquid!" He sent the talisman into the jade mountain.