Chapter 419
===========

"Anyone can be moved as long as they have a need. This is the law of the world."

Gu Chensha did not show any fear in the face of Chang Weiyang's oppression. He wanted to maximize his benefits. "Sect Master Wei Yang, it is the best choice for your Mysterious Cosmos Gate to cooperate with our Pacification Immortal Department. Moreover, when you become a Heavenly Lord in the future, you will be indifferent to all of this."

"Kid, your words make sense. I am very interested in the memories of Xing Qiongshi, Zhuge Ya and the other Yao Saints. In addition, you fellows must have obtained some of Heavenly Premier Extreme Celestial's cultivation techniques and wisdom. Hand them over," Chang Weiyang said.

"I'm afraid I can't hand over Heavenly Lord Taiyi's cultivation method and wisdom because it involves the secret of the Mysterious Cosmos Gate. Unless we get the other party's consent, it will be our fault." Gu Chensha naturally wanted to bargain.

"If I guessed correctly, you also gave this cultivation method to Wen Hong."

Chang Weiyang did not buy it. "Actually, I don't have anything to exchange with you. I can just ask Wen Hong for it."

"It seems that Sect Master Wei Yang and Uncle Hong have a close relationship. If so, we are on the same side."

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "I came here today to obtain some knowledge of the Mysterious Cosmos Gate, especially the secret of Sect Master Wei Yang's understanding of Deviants." "You also want to understand Deviants?"

Chang Weiyang had noticed this a long time ago. "However, I have to warn you. Even if you comprehend the Dao of Divergences, your cultivation will not immediately increase. Instead, you will be suppressed by the Heavenly Dao. Whether it is absorbing spiritual energy or immortal energy, or even condensing an array, it will be ten times more difficult than an ordinary cultivator. Perhaps you will encounter many tribulations the moment you start comprehending the Divergences. These are the consequences of angering the Heavenly Dao, resulting in a backlash. Once you become a Divergent, it will be hard to turn back.

You have to think it through. Since ancient times, there have been some heaven-defying geniuses who have comprehended Deviants. However, they all perished in the tribulations. Now, there are very few Deviants that can live freely. "

"I know all of these things, but only by becoming a Divergent can one break through the 36 Transformations and obtain the secret of longevity. Otherwise, even an Innate Sage will have a limited lifespan." Gu Chensha was very clear about the principles of Divergent.

"Since you've made up your mind, I'll fulfill your wish. Since that's the case, I won't waste any more words."

Chang Weiyang seemed to have observed Gu Chensha thoroughly. "Give me Lord Taiyi's memory as well. I will teach you how to become an outlier in exchange. Of course, I can also cooperate with you to deal with the three Divine Apes. What do you think?

The demon race and the Immortal Dao have always been enemies. However, after capturing the three divine apes, I want to extract some of their blood for research. Also, I want half of the ape race's wealth. "

The Ape Tribe was the largest tribe among the Demon Tribes. Since ancient times, the Ape Tribe had accumulated countless riches and treasures. They were all hidden in Mount Meru. The ape race was also the smartest and most intelligent demon race.

"Based on what I know, the Ape Tribe's guardian treasure is called the Myriad Demon Human Transformation Painting. It's also a Natural Paragon Treasure, and is extremely powerful. After the four Divine Apes obtained it, they painstakingly refined it for thousands of years before it finally took shape.

Could it be that the Cosmos Mystic Sect also wants the ownership of this magic treasure? "asked Gu Chensha.

"Of course." Chang Weiyang would definitely not let go of this juicy piece of meat.

"This treasure is a famous treasure among the Demon Tribes. If our Tranquil Immortal Department obtains it and combines it with the Heavenly Demon Tree, it will have endless wondrous effects." Gu Chensha said, "If it falls into the hands of the Cosmos Mystic Gate, I'm afraid it won't be able to unleash its full potential."

"You're right. However, such a treasure must be obtained." Chang Weiyang was unwilling to let go of this treasure.

Gu Chensha's gaze shifted. "Alright, this treasure can belong to you. However, I hope that Sect Master Chang Weiyang can help me with something." "What is it?" Chang Weiyang asked.

"Currently, the Demon Tribes have gathered in the sealed Demon Domain under the Bottomless Sea of Sin in the Sin Continent. They have built many Nether Iron Fortresses and countless experts have gathered there. Among them, there are even Demon God level experts acting in secret.

I hope that Sect Master Chang Weiyang can use the power of the Universe Thunder Pool to release Universe Thunder to destroy the combined fortresses and scatter the Demon Tribes. "

Gu Chensha made a request. "This way, our Tranquil Immortal Department can take the opportunity to harvest the lives of countless Demon Tribes. On one hand, it can delay the outbreak of the Demon Disaster. On the other hand, it can allow the Heavenly Demon Tree to advance quickly. This way, I can provide the Cosmos Mystic Gate with a large amount of elixirs." "Universe Thunder won't work."

Chang Weiyang rejected. "This Universe Thunder Pool has been brewing for thousands of years and has never released this thunder. It is the Cosmos Mystic Gate's treasure. The reason why the three Heavenly Venerables are afraid of our Universe Thunder is because of it. If we release it, its power will be weakened and we will have to accumulate it again. How would we have the time?" Gu Chensha frowned. He thought about it and agreed. The longer an attack was stored, the more powerful it would be.

For example, if he used the Sun and Moon Annihilation to set up the array for a few decades, the power of the array could even kill an expert with an undying body.

Moreover, the Cosmos Mystic Gate was a huge sect. It used the Connate Cardinal Treasure, the Universe Thunder Pool, as its foundation and accumulated God Thunder for thousands of years. Once it was released, how powerful would it be? This was their trump card.

"However, I don't need to use Universe Thunder to defeat the allied Demon Tribes."

As Chang Weiyang spoke, she drew a circle in the air. Many scenes appeared. It was the Demon Domain. Indeed, there were more and more huge Dark Iron Battle Fortresses. The array they formed became bigger and bigger. These array formations gathered together and crazily absorbed Demon Qi. They condensed into huge Demon Statues. It seemed like they wanted to tear apart the seal and turn the Divine Continent into a Demon Domain.

This had already become the climate. Even if Gu Chensha had the power to penetrate the heavens and earth, he couldn't barge in.

When billions of Demons gathered together and chanted the Demon Incantation, the power wasn't something he could compare to.

Now that Lou Baiyue, Liu Yu, and the other two were fighting in the Demon Domain, it was already difficult for them to kill the Demon Race's army. They could only surround the periphery and kill some scattered Demons. This wasn't very effective. It was like trying to put out a burning cart of firewood with a cup of water.

If Chang Weiyang could defeat the allied Demon Race and prevent them from condensing into an iron plate, it would be like a huge fat piece of meat for the Celestial Tranquility Department to eat.

"Then, we have an agreement?"

Gu Chensha knew that if Chang Weiyang made a move, she might really be able to tear apart the defense of the allied Demon Race and cause chaos. The Celestial Tranquility Department would have an opportunity to take advantage of.

"The outbreak of the Demon Disaster is the confrontation between the Demon Nature and the Spiritual Nature. The Demon Nature represents chaos, while the Spiritual Nature represents order.

This is the time when the balance is out of balance. It is also the most critical point. No one dares to make a move. Otherwise, if they cause such a big calamity, it would be like drawing fire to oneself. The karma would be hard to bear. Even the three Celestial Venerables are watching quietly. "Chang Weiyang's words indicated that she didn't want to make a move.

"I don't agree with you."

Gu Chensha bowed once more. "Since Sect Leader Chang Weiyang is a Divergent, she is an existence that cannot be tolerated by the heavens and earth. She can be the one to control the tide of the era. Now is a critical time. If she participates in the confrontation between the Demon Nature and the Spiritual Nature, she might be able to comprehend some supreme principles and make preparations to break through the 36 Transformations and become a Celestial Venerate." "You really are a good lobbyist."

Chang Weiyang laughed. "But we need to discuss this matter at length. Let's exchange our cultivation method memories first." "No problem." Gu Chensha's divine sense moved, condensing into a ball of light in front of him.

Chang Weiyang lightly tapped it, and the light dissipated. She had already obtained all the information within it.

And when the light returned, Gu Chensha also obtained some of Chang Weiyang's experience in becoming a Divergent.

This experience was extremely important. As soon as it entered the depths of Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness, it began to sink, be digested, and circulate. Many lights appeared on Gu Chensha's body, and he swallowed and spat them out.

After a long time, he opened his eyes. "Sect Leader Chang Weiyang, can I borrow your Universe Lightning Pool to temper my body?

Right now, I can already condense Golden Cores in my 108 acupoints. However, some of the smaller acupoints have yet to be completely opened. If I borrow the help of the Universe Lightning Pool, I can help stimulate my physical body, allowing it to improve further. As I open the various acupoints, I can condense even more Golden Cores. " "I have never seen such a crazy idea from you."

Chang Weiyang was rather curious. "I see that you have comprehended something. You want to cultivate the Heavenly Dao Art. This is also a reference for me. I can let you use the power of the Universe Lightning Pool. "

Chang Weiyang's magic power was only at the True Dragon Art. She had not cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art. Indeed, Gu Chensha's cultivation process was a worthy experiment for her to observe.

"Many thanks." Gu Chensha looked around. "As for the activation of the Universe Lightning Pool, I will have to rely on you, Sect Leader."

Chang Weiyang pointed, and instantly, the space in front of Gu Chensha split open. A pool of silver water appeared. As the whirlpool spun, crackling lightning could be seen. With a single leap, Gu Chensha entered it.

Instantly, the world spun, and he saw divine lightning covering the sky and covering the earth surging towards him. His entire body felt like it was about to melt into it.

"As expected, this is lightning that carries the power of the universe. It contains the power of time and space, as well as the divine might of the past and future."

Gu Chensha used a secret art and started absorbing the power within to temper his physical body, strengthening it once again.

In terms of physical bodies, the strongest in the world was none other than Xing Qiongshi. He had many body-tempering arts, and while Gu Chensha was comprehending them, he had also come up with some methods that were suitable for him. Now, he used them, borrowing the power of the Universe Lightning Pool to build his physical body. He even condensed his Core Qi a little more.

Gradually, Gu Chensha's body shone brightly. Many of his acupoints were like stars in the sky, and the light of profound wisdom was born within them.

Other than the 108 acupoints, many smaller acupoints opened as well. It was as though gods were being born within them.