Chapter 869
===========

"What? General Common People is going to become a Sky Venerable? "

In Sin Province, numerous warriors, adventurers, businessmen, nobles, scholars, and martial artists all looked at the message that was sent out by the bracer in their hands.

Now, almost everyone in the world had a communication device. This communication device was made in the form of a wrist guard. When worn on the wrist, it would emit a ball of light. Within the light, there were all sorts of images, all sorts of information, information, and even the contact information of friends.

Through this communicator, everyone could get news from the court, contact friends, observe the weather, buy and sell items, pay taxes, complete missions, etc.

This communicator wasn't developed by the Celestial Designer Department but by Calming Xian Department.

Calming Xian Department had slowly swallowed up the Celestial Designer Department and the two merged into one. Zhuge Ya was in charge of this matter and everyone in the world was benefiting from it.

Just as the war between the humans and the demons was in full swing, everyone's communication wristbands received news. It was news released by the Imperial Court's Celestial Pacification Department. It said that the General was about to ascend to the Celestial Venerable Realm, and that all the common people should not panic if they saw the phenomenon. This was a really exciting matter.

An expert who cultivated to Dao Realm 22 Transformations, Astronomical Phenomenon, just came out of the Demon Region. He tapped on his bracer and sent out a message to sell the items he had obtained from the Demon Region. He was so shocked that he couldn't reply to his friend's message.

"Sky Venerable, that is a Sky Venerable. How is that possible for General Common People to all reach Sky Venerable Realm?

Going from Dao Realm 36 Transformations to Sky Venerable Realm isn't a simple matter. I have cultivated to Astronomical Phenomenon of Dao Realm 22 Transformations, but I am unable to comprehend the 23 Transformations, Past Reflection. I am stuck at this stage. " Sou sou sou …

At the same time, a large group of people gathered around this expert. Some had cultivated to the Eighteen Transformations of the Great Dao, some had cultivated to the Nineteen Transformations of the Big Dao, some had cultivated to the Nineteen Transformations of the Big Dao, some had cultivated to the Twenty Transformations of the Impermanence of Gathering and Dispersing, and the Twenty-One Transformations of the Five Elements.

"Brother Yang, is the news from Calming Xian Department real or fake? General Common People has actually all become Sky Venerables?

What kind of state is that? "a cultivator with an 18 Transformation Grand Dao Golden Core asked in shock.

"An Empyrean is a loophole in the Heavenly Dao, a variable existence. Only by surpassing the natural talent of an innate Saint can one be promoted to an Empyrean. From ancient times until now, an Empyrean can become the teacher of an ancient Son of Heaven. Even an ancient Son of Heaven would sometimes have to seek the guidance of an Empyrean if he had the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree."

This Dao Realm 22 Transformation expert was called Yang Wangxi. He had a fortuitous encounter and reached this realm. He contacted many experts and formed a team.

Among the people, there were many groups like this. Only by joining together would they be able to venture into the Demon Domain, kill demons, and obtain wealth. Over time, they would become factions.

"I've vaguely heard rumors these days that our Imperial Court is going against the Heavenly Dao, and a great calamity will descend. The Divine Continent will become the Heavenly Court, and the Emperor Heaven will come out to sweep away evil and establish order in the Myriad Worlds. I don't know if it's true or false, but in any case, we have to be careful, "an expert said.

"I think that these rumors are just to stir up chaos in the world. Our lives are already really good. Since ancient times, when has the world been so prosperous?" Yang Wangxi said, "20 years ago, I was just a normal person, so how could I have such a good life?

All of this is due to the Imperial Court. Everyone knows about the past. Each time the Demon Calamity, people would die and humans would be swallowed by the Demon Race. Now, we are suppressing the Demon Race and treating them as prey. All of this is due to the Imperial Court. The Heavenly Dao gave birth to humans, but it was afraid that humans would be hard to control, so it sent many tribulations to control the growth of humans.

We aren't willing to be test subjects, so naturally, we have to protect the Imperial Court and Calming Xian Department. "

"This is what the Imperial Court has been spreading. Does Brother Yang actually believe it?" An expert frowned.

"We've all cultivated to this realm, so we aren't blind. We all have our own thoughts."

Yang Wangxi said, "When the Imperial Court compiled the Heavenly Talisman Canon, it recorded countless histories and facts. We calculated and analyzed the truth ourselves, so we naturally wouldn't be deceived by others. At this point, I can already see that the various news that Calming Xian Department and the Imperial Court released, as well as the various knowledge and cultivation methods that they imparted, are all real. When you cultivate, can't you feel it?

Don't be deceived by some false information from the outside. Otherwise, you will regret it in the future. " "Big Brother Yang is right."

A few experts nodded. "We've also started to cultivate the Human Dragon Fist. This fist is really broad and profound, containing the growth of all living things, the mysteries of creation, and the might of the human heart that surpasses the heavens. As long as we continue to cultivate according to the prescribed order, we will definitely be able to become Celestial Venerables like the Common People's Grand Marshal."

"I heard that when one ascends to Celestial Venerables, there will be all sorts of strange phenomena. The Heavenly Dao will send down a huge punishment."

Another expert came up. "Many ancient experts died in this punishment. The moment they became Celestial Venerables, they immediately collapsed. I wonder if the Common People's Grand Marshal will encounter such a situation during this ascension?

You have to know that this isn't just one person ascending, but 360 people ascending at the same time. " "Look, the phenomenon is coming."

As the crowd discussed, they looked up and saw 360 huge beams of light suddenly rising from the Divine Land and even the Four Wildernesses. These beams of light showed a might that pierced through the heavens and the earth. Within the light, the figure of the Common People's Grand Marshal appeared. Rumble! The heavens and earth shook violently.

Countless thunderbolts descended from the sky. Lightning fell wildly, and space was torn apart. The God-Destroying Light descended from ancient times and the future at the same time to the present, wanting to destroy the Common People's Grand Marshal.

However, the Common People's Grand Marshal was unmoved in the face of these tribulations. Instead, many texts appeared on their bodies. These texts swept in all directions, and wherever they reached, the tribulations would be absorbed by the texts. These texts were beautiful, and the concepts contained within were the deepest mysteries. Even the smartest of sages wouldn't be able to understand them.

Originally, if these tribulations descended, the Divine Land would definitely be leveled and all living beings and humans would die. However, they were all absorbed by the texts that spread out from the Common People's Grand Marshal's body. Instead, they turned into streaks of Spiritual Light that descended.

When Yang Wangxi saw the Spiritual Light that descended, he used the Human Dragon Fist. Instantly, a large amount of Spiritual Light was absorbed into his body. Instantly, the power in his body was gathered together and a crucial change occurred. These changes caused his soul to be totally enlightened and he started to break through realms.

He actually broke through from the twenty-second transformation to the twenty-third transformation, Past Reflection, and then to the twenty-fourth transformation, Future Glimpse. In the end, he actually reached the twenty-fifth transformation, Undying Body. He broke through three realms at once, which was something that even he found unbelievable.

Looking at Yang Wangxi's changes, many experts were delighted. They started to use the Moving Dragon Fist to absorb the Spiritual Light that fell from the sky.

But none of them were as effective as Yang Wangxi. Some of them couldn't even absorb the Spiritual Light.

"What is going on?" A few experts had a weird expression on their faces.

"I know. In the depths of one's heart, the more one agrees with the Calming Celestial Department's principles, the more benefits one will get. If one doesn't agree, then one won't get any benefits at all."

Yang Wangxi hollered and absorbed the Spiritual Light once more, "This is the Spiritual Light from Heaven Venerables, a bit of spirituality from the battle with the Dao."

A huge amount of spiritual light fused into his body, causing him to break through once more. He went from the 25th transformation, Undying Body, to the 26th transformation, 10,000 Techniques Return to One, and then to the 27th transformation, Seamless Two Worlds. Only then did he stop. This made everyone really envious.

Especially those who agreed with the Calming Celestial Department's policies on the surface, but in the depths of their hearts, they didn't agree. They were reflecting on whether or not they were wrong. Honglong!

Heaven and earth returned to normal. All the Common People's Generals became Celestial Venerables. Their auras descended and instantly, everyone felt a huge sense of security. Right, it was a sense of security and not a restriction.

Generally speaking, when the imperial court was too powerful, the common people would feel like they were suffocating.

But now, the Common People's Generals had been handling government affairs for many years, and had never made any mistakes. They had long since won him a huge reputation, and even the most demanding of the common people and the great clans couldn't help but admire the Common People's Generals for their lack of partiality or selfishness.

Because of how strong the Common People's Generals was, no one felt uneasy, only a sense of security.

The feeling of security was also fused into the destiny of the nation, which was red and then solid, which then flowed into the Dragonless Gourd.

The Dragonless Gourd expanded, and vast amounts of deathless substance were born. At the same time, a mysterious power pierced through the barriers of space-time, into the ruins of the ancient civilization, and into the glowing sphere of the One God System. Instantly, Gu Chensha's power increased. 'National Destiny, Blessing. The Hearts of All Men, Serve Me!'

Gu Chensha laughed heartily. "If even the dao of heaven fears the hearts of men, there's no need to even mention you. Now I'm going to show you what it's like to be united in the hearts of all living beings."

Even as the words left his mouth, Gu Chensha's lantern form transformed into an enormous fireball. Flames began to burn within the system, causing the interior of the glowing sphere to turn bright red, making it look like a blazing sun.

"Not good!" The twelve magisters all sensed danger. 。 a