Chapter 1063
============

The Blessing of the World

"I didn't expect, I didn't expect Gu Chensha to be so tyrannical. His arcane skills, he said it casually, and I had no ability to resist at all. My understanding of arcane skills in front of him is just like a child facing a learned scholar, and the gap is even bigger. Is this the Invincible Realm? Even if I created a new arcane skill, I'm still no match for him? "

At this time, the young arcanist Lin Xiaofan no longer had any arrogance, he even dispelled the idea of immediately returning to the Arcane Kingdom to stir up trouble.

He knew that with his current cultivation, it was impossible to defeat Gu Chensha, it was more like being played like a cat or a dog.

"Should I cultivate outside or enter the Arcane Kingdom?"

Lin Xiaofan was very conflicted, he thought for a moment, he suddenly firmed up his confidence, "No matter how powerful Gu Chensha is, I have to enter the Arcane Kingdom to look for opportunities. Only by advancing to the Invincible Realm can I compete with Gu Chensha, and in the many universes outside, I don't have this opportunity. I've already felt that in the Arcane Kingdom, there are two opportunities to advance to the Invincible Realm. The first opportunity is to get the gourd that Fa Wuxian transformed into, the second opportunity is to advance the Arcane Network itself.

Now the Arcane Kingdom has completely occupied the entire giant universe, and it's still expanding. The two kinds of esoteric skills collided and merged in the Arcane Network. At the moment when they were completely integrated, it was possible to achieve the Invincible Realm.

I've already felt that the Arcane Network needs freedom. He's not willing to be controlled by Gu Chensha, so he chose the Son of the Heavenly Dao. The original Son of the Heavenly Dao is someone else. If I'm not mistaken, that Son of the Heavenly Dao is called Teddy Lin Yu. Unfortunately, I've created subversive arcane skills, so I've been favored by the Heavenly Dao. Instead, I've become the Son of the Heavenly Dao with more destiny than Teddy Lin Yu. "

Lin Xiaofan's strength had greatly improved, his divine thoughts and the Arcane Network blended, and he gained great authority. As a result, many secrets of the entire Arcane Kingdom were known to him. It could even be said that he was now the most authoritative person in the Arcane Kingdom.

If it weren't for Gu Chensha's interference, he could return to the Arcane Kingdom now. In a few years, he could overthrow the rule of the Arcane Union and the Senate and become the Emperor of Arcane Art. He could control the giant universe, slowly manage it, understand the mystery, and finally reach the ninth level of the Immortal Realm, the Immortal Realm. But now that Gu Chensha was in charge, Lin Xiaofan had to change his plan.

"Riches come from danger. I must enter it. Once I reach the Invincible Deathless level, I won't have to fear anyone. " After deciding on the plan, Lin Xiaofan suddenly said, "Arcane Technique, shrink the universe."

Suddenly, the universe he created began to shrink and entered his arcane module. Then he moved his body and entered the Arcane Kingdom.

It was still the world he was familiar with, but as soon as he entered the Arcane Kingdom, he released his universe.

"Universe, fuse …" He activated another Arcane Spell, and immediately the universe he created was integrated into the giant universe of the Arcane Kingdom.

In the giant universe, there was an extra continent. On this continent, there were many races and Arcanists, and there were countless planets.

The origin of the Arcane Network obtained the origin of the universe, and it was very happy. Once again, a lot of authority and fate fell on Lin Xiaofan.

"I've made the right move. I'm managing the universe outside. No matter how well I do, it's far less than the fate I get in the giant universe of the Arcane Kingdom. The Arcane Kingdom and the Arcane Civilization will have a great future in the future. It's the combination of the new world and the old world. "

Lin Xiaofan said in his heart, "Only in this giant universe can I get promoted to the Invincible Deathless Realm. Gu Chensha, you wait and see. You look down on me so much. It's hard to say who will be the protagonist of this era in the future."

After integrating the universe he created into the Arcane Universe, Lin Xiaofan's own cultivation had improved a lot again. His body flashed and disappeared.

His purpose was very clear. Now he was going to find Teddy Lin Yu and Meholi, and find a chance to devour them. That was the foundation of his promotion to the Invincible Deathless Realm.

"That's not enough."

Gu Chensha was also in the Arcane Universe. He knew what Lin Xiaofan was thinking. That was what he needed. The reason why he didn't kill Lin Xiaofan was that Lin Xiaofan had made great contributions to the Arcane Universe and the Arcane Network. He could once again upgrade the level of the Arcane Network and make his Cage Plan more complete.

The essence of the Arcane Network was now a giant Heavenly Way, but it was still far from the Invincible Deathless Realm. If the essence of the universe was promoted to the Invincible Deathless Realm, it could perfectly trap Mr. Invincible and the others. After suppressing them, they couldn't cause any trouble. In the end, after he transformed all living beings in the multiverse, those people couldn't fight against the overall situation and could only accept the transformation of Gu Chensha.

At that time, the new world would completely eliminate the shadow of the old world and completely step into a new era.

And Gu Chensha's tenth level of Immortality, the Invincible Deathless Realm, would be completely completed.

"It's the same Heavenly Way Realm, but the ability is like heaven and earth. I'll also divide the scale of the universe. The smallest universe at present can be called the micro-universe, then there's the small universe, the medium-sized universe, the large universe, the mega universe, the super mega universe, and the super infinite universe."

Gu Chensha observed the multiverse and according to the shape, he located the universe. Then, he also located the people in the Heavenly Way Realm according to the rules.

The masters of the Heavenly Way Realm born in the micro-universe were also the micro-masters of the Heavenly Way Realm, and so on.

Now in the entire multiverse, there were countless micro-universes, there were also many small and medium-sized universes, and there was no shortage of large universes and mega universes. But there were only a few super mega universes.

Looking at the entire multiverse, the Arcane Kingdom was one of the super mega universes, and there was also the Bug Clan's Mother Nest Universe. In addition, there was also the Taiwu Universe. In this universe, martial arts prevailed. Warriors could tear the heaven and earth, overturn rivers and seas. It was another set of cultivation methods, completely different from the original Dao Realm 36 Transformations. In addition, there was also the Immemorial Universe.

This Immemorial Universe was very strange, it could accommodate everything. In this Immemorial Universe, there was a technological civilization, a magic civilization, a martial arts civilization, an immortal civilization, an arcane civilization, monsters, immortals, demons, and countless other races could be accommodated. The universe was incredibly large, and it was gradually expanding. In other words, in the multiverse, there were four super mega universes.

They were the Arcane Universe, the Mother Nest Universe, the Taiwu Universe, and the Immemorial Universe.

Of course, there was actually a new world, but the new world was no longer a super mega universe. According to the theoretical scale, the new world should be a super infinite universe. Because in theory, in the new world, there could be masters of the Invincible Deathless Realm, and more than one of them. The speed of the new world's expansion was far faster than that of the four universes.

"Although I was the one who created the Multiverse, the development that followed was something that even I did not expect. It's really interesting. "

Gu Chensha looked at the multiverse as if he was looking at his own children. Although these children were somewhat disobedient, they were developing on their own. Some of the developments surprised him, but they were still his children. "The Martial Saint has already gone to the Taiwu Universe. He hopes to find an opportunity to reach the Invincible Deathless Realm in this universe."

The Taiwu Universe was formed by itself, not by the Martial Saint. The Martial Saint had cultivated to the Heavenly Dao Realm in the new world, but he was unable to reach the ninth level of the Invincible Deathless Realm. Therefore, he wanted to find his own opportunity in the Taiwu Universe.

The four universes each had their own unique characteristics. Among them, the Arcane Universe was the most promising, the Taiwu Universe was the most ferocious, the Mother Nest Universe was the most savage, and the Immemorial Universe was the most mysterious.

Among the countless universes, the four universes expanded at an extremely fast speed. In a few years, they could devour many of the surrounding universes.

As for the new world, it constantly created universes and spat out universes. It never devoured, only created. This was the difference between the new world and the other universes.

"The one who should reach the Invincible Deathless Realm should be me."

Just as Gu Chensha was observing the multiverse, another person appeared in the Arcane Universe. This person wore an arcane robe with tens of millions of stars on it. It was the Human Ancestor, Zhang Ziran.

He had converted his cultivation to the Arcanist level. He knew that this was the place with the greatest opportunity.