Chapter 69
==========

But he still knew who was right and who was wrong in this matter.

Before the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, hundreds of countries were divided and fought with each other. There were wars every year, floods and droughts were natural disasters. Bandits and evil devils robbed and killed people. Many sects also recruited disciples and eliminated dissidents. They disrupted the rules of etiquette and the world was in chaos.

In the past ten years, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty had abundant food and clothing. Bandits were wiped out and sects were destroyed. Poetry and literature flourished and the culture was vast.

Ten years ago, the commoners in many places were considered 'wealthy'. There were even places that ate grass, tree bark, and soil to death. There were also places that traded their children for food and ate humans and corpses. There were starving people on the roads and floating corpses in the water.

Ten years later, no matter how poor a family was, they would still have rice and noodles. The slightly more powerful country gentlemen's families would have meat for every meal. Even the servants would be able to touch meat, and their faces would be flushed red. As for the rich families, they would have ginseng, bird's nest, abalone, ginseng, wing, and stomach. All kinds of energy nourishing ingredients would be consumed in large quantities.

Not to mention the rich and noble families, they consumed large amounts of spirit pills and medicines.

Ten years ago, many people couldn't travel far. Even if they were tens or hundreds of miles away from home, they would still tremble in fear of being killed by bandits.

But now that the waterways were developed, everyone could travel far. The scholars could even travel with their swords and enjoy the scenery.

Gu Chensha even heard that the Celestial Designer Institute was researching something called the Steel Railway. It used steel to pave the ground, extending in all directions. But he didn't know what it was.

Along the way, he gained a lot of knowledge. Even the small town that Liu Yu and the other four lived in was quite prosperous. If it wasn't because of the war between the evil sects, they would be living a happy and peaceful life. The country was flourishing. In another ten years, it would truly be a golden age.

Although Gu Chensha inherited the ancient Heavenly Talisman Edict, in the words of the history books, he had the 'Emperor's Fate'. But he had his own views. The Emperor was a virtuous person. What was virtue? It was to make the world peaceful and the people better.

He didn't have the ability or the virtue now. If he had the ability in the future, he would definitely be able to do better than the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Of course, he wouldn't give way. This was his understanding.

Throughout history, there had been countless revolutions and changes of dynasties, all of which were caused by the mismatch of virtue and position.

"By the way, you mentioned that the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong actually obtained the corpse of an Ancient God and absorbed it into his body. I also have a skeleton here. "

Gu Chensha didn't hide anything. He suddenly made a grabbing motion, and a huge box appeared out of thin air. It was as long as two people and five feet wide.

"Master actually has a Grotto-Heaven Treasure. No wonder."

Yi Ming had his doubts long ago and only now did he see it clearly, "This is a Grotto-Heaven Grade Treasure that can form its own grotto-heaven. Only experts above Dao Realm 30 can craft it and it belongs to the God Race and Golden Celestial Race." "Let's not worry about this for now."

Gu Chensha was trying to intimidate Yi Ming. "Look at this skeleton. I stole it from your temple. Prince Gu is going to use some Heavenly Dragon Bone Changing Technique to increase his cultivation."

"This is a skeleton left by a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Expert. It contains a lot of power and after Prince Gu changes his bones, his strength will increase by several times. But it isn't suitable for Master. But this skeleton is really valuable and can be used to decorate the manor and change the magnetic poles."

Yi Ming said, "This item contains a strong magnetic pole change. It is something we use to guard the temple. If it is placed in the eye of the formation, the magnetic pole's penetrative power is unparalleled and it can instantly pierce through the Spiritual Space World barrier, causing large amounts of spiritual energy to descend.

When the time comes, the people cultivating in Master's manor will obtain huge benefits. Their cultivation speed will be dozens of times faster than normal people. " "So, that is the case. Then, who knows how many aristocrats dream about this skeleton?"

Gu Chensha said this and placed the skeleton into the Sun Moon Altar's space. Apart from that, he also tossed the Law Breaking Celestial Sword in.

The Law Breaking Celestial Sword was well-behaved in the altar and didn't move at all. But the moment it left the altar, it charged about like a dragon. Gu Chensha was annoyed and didn't know how to subdue it.

"Master, I have already taught you everything I should. You are also familiar with the changes from Mortal Realm to Dao Realm. Next, will you cultivate in the mountain or will you head out?" Yi Ming looked around. The environment had changed and one didn't know how much time had passed in the mountain.

"Actually, I like to live in the mountain and cultivate in peace. Unfortunately, there are many things to do and I have to head out." Gu Chensha stood up.

Three days and three nights allowed his knowledge to increase greatly. But he still needed time to settle down to Dao Realm.

He felt that if he could cultivate in the mountain for two to three months, he would definitely be able to step into Dao Realm. But time didn't allow for it. Now was the crucial period of the battle with the Barbarian Race. He could rest in the mountain for a few days but if he hid and didn't head out, then he would be in huge trouble.

"Let's go!"

He returned to the lakeside where the troops were resting. The 248 of them were all training their martial arts. All of them were full of energy and their martial arts had improved greatly.

Especially Liu Yu and the other four. Their sword techniques had improved once again. Their grandmaster aura had become stronger and they were even showing signs of comprehending martial arts barriers.

"Nineteenth Master, shall we head out now?" "Yes!"

Gu Chensha ordered. The soldiers followed strict military rules and followed behind. They walked quickly and silently towards the outside of the mountain. This time, they were heading towards Tea County.

The explosion in Peach County had caused all the barbarian soldiers to scatter. But there were still many barbarian soldiers in Tea County and An County. Temples were being built and there were even barbarian god envoys around.

The Third Prince sent Gu Chensha to scout the way. One was to prevent him from robbing the treasures in Peach County. The other was to let him test the waters and be a sacrificial lamb.

Gu Chensha wouldn't fall for it. He swallowed the treasures and entered the mountain to train his troops.

The troops were extremely fast and weren't hindered by the forest. Even if there was no road in the primitive forest, they could still travel hundreds of miles in a day. In a day's time, they arrived at the main road near Tea County.

The road was filled with bloodstains. There were also torn leather armors, abandoned arrows, dead horses, and broken swords. It seemed like there had been an intense battle. However, the corpses were gone. Someone had cleaned up the battlefield.

"Stop!"

Just as Gu Chensha's troops were nearing, a cavalry scout came from afar and roared. At the same time, a horn sounded.

"It's not the barbarian soldiers? It's the soldiers of my Yongchō. Could it be that Tea County has been conquered? So fast?

Where are the barbarian emissaries and barbarian marshals? "Gu Chensha was quick-witted. He roared," Raise my flag and report your name! "

Immediately, Liu Yu and the other four raised Duke Chen's flag and shouted, "We are the Nineteenth Highness. We are Duke Chen's troops. Who are you?" "Please wait. I will go report."

The leader of the cavalry scout immediately went back. After an hour, he came back and shouted, "Imperial Envoy Princess Yue Fu invites Nineteenth Highness to the county." "Lou Baiyue is here?

She was the one who defeated them? "Gu Chensha was slightly stunned. He didn't say much and led his men into the county.

The county was intact, but the ground was still stained with bloodstains. The temple was also built majestically, comparable to a palace.

Gu Chensha walked in and saw many soldiers along the way. There were sentries every few steps. Some of them were even wearing Horned Dragon Armor. Every soldier's essence, qi, and spirit were complete.

"Those wearing Horned Dragon Armor are Lou Baiyue's soldiers. The rest should be Third Prince or Tenth Prince's soldiers." He observed secretly and walked into the temple. As expected, there were many people in the temple. Sitting in the middle were Lou Baiyue, Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha, and Third Prince Gu Fasha.

Seeing Gu Chensha enter, Third Prince slammed the table. "Nineteenth Prince, you delayed the battle. You deserve to be punished! I asked you to be the vanguard to attack Tea County. Where did you go? You fled at the last moment. "

"According to the military law, desertion is punishable by death. If a prince breaks the law, he will be punished the same as a commoner. Princess Yuefu, you are the imperial envoy. You have the token of my presence, which is equivalent to the presence of my father. Faced with such a situation, you have to do something," the Tenth Prince said darkly.

"Men, carry the barbarian race nine-star general's corpse up." Gu Chensha expected such a situation and clapped his hands.

A few of his subordinates carried the corpse of the barbarian marshal, which was almost as tall as two people, in. He smiled and said, "Everyone, when I was leading the troops to attack Tea County, I happened to encounter the barbarian marshal and his army who had come to reinforce Peach County. Thus, I fought with all my might and finally managed to kill the barbarian army. At the same time, I chased after the marshal and chased him for three days and three nights in the mountains. After several battles, I finally killed him. I've already asked the generals under Marquis Jushi to write a letter to report this matter.

"I did, but I don't believe it. I have to check it myself."

Lou Baiyue walked down and checked the corpse. A weird expression appeared on her face, "As expected, it is a barbarian race nine-star general. Dao Realm Transformation Three, copper skin and iron bones. You can actually kill him?"

Lou Baiyue knew that the difference between Dao Realm Transformation Three and Nine Bulls and Two Tigers was a huge gap.

Although Gu Chensha could kill the four old demons, he would still die if he faced the barbarian race nine-star general.

"The corpse is here. If I didn't kill him, then did he kill himself?" Gu Chensha asked. "Not only am I not at fault, but I have also done a great service. Princess Yuefu will handle this matter fairly and report it to father. " "Of course. Everyone, sit down."

Lou Baiyue glanced around and said, "Old Nineteen has just arrived and is not familiar with the situation. I will repeat myself. The three counties have been completely recovered, but three barbarian oracles, two barbarian marshals, and some backbones have escaped. The rest of the army has been killed by us, and the rest have escaped into the forest. The rest are being chased by masters, but they are not a threat." "So, Old Three, Old Ten, and Lou Baiyue didn't even kill a single nine-star general? Three barbarian race messengers. Kekata became Yiming and the other two fled. "

Gu Chensha understood that he had contributed the most. Not to mention anything else, just the four old demons and the barbarian race nine-star general far exceeded Old Three and Old Ten.