Chapter 385
===========

Hearing this young man's words, Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha looked at each other and smiled, but they didn't make a move. "How should I address you? What did you do in the Mystical School to be banished to the Infernal Domain? From what we know, those who are banished usually commit unforgivable crimes.

We have to investigate the past of anyone who joins the Celestial Calmness Department. Do you think we'll believe you just because you say you're a good person? "

"I'm Hong Wending. Three hundred years ago, my junior sister and I were in love and wanted to get married. I hate that the Mystical School's young sect master, Sheji Longcheng, stole my love and framed me, sending me to the Infernal Domain. This hatred can't be severed."

Hong Wending's killing intent surged as he spoke. "I cultivated bitterly in the Infernal Domain and had a fortuitous encounter. I narrowly escaped death and finally cultivated to my current realm, but it's still extremely difficult to take revenge. That's why I'm willing to join the Celestial Calmness Department. Recently, the Infernal Domain's seal has been broken, and I've received some news that the Celestial Calmness Department and the seventy-two mystical sects are incompatible. I'm willing to contact all the disciples who were banished from the Infernal Domain and have them all join the Celestial Calmness Department to take revenge on the mystical sects." "Is that so?"

Gu Chensha's heart moved. He communicated with Lou Baiyue. "Since ancient times, the Infernal Domain has banished many disciples of the immortal dao. Those who could survive are all experts. If they gather together, they'll be an extremely powerful force."

"There's also a drawback. Ninety-nine percent of the immortal dao disciples banished to the Infernal Domain are vicious and evil people. It'll be difficult to control them if we recruit them." Lou Baiyue was worried about this.

"I'm also worried about this, but we can make use of these people."

Gu Chensha said, "Jin Suibo has information on the immortal dao. Find out if this person is speaking the truth. I'll deal with him now."

As he spoke, Gu Chensha laughed heartily and said, "Actually, our Celestial Tranquility Department and the 72 Mystical Sects of the Immortal Dao aren't as incompatible as fire and water. It's just that these Mystical Sects refuse to pay taxes and break the rules of the Imperial Court. They're treasonous and have no regard for the common people of the world.

Wait a moment, our Calming Immortal Department is investigating your information. If what you said is true, we will definitely help you clear your name. Our Calming Immortal Department is in charge of the internal affairs of the Immortal Dao. " "Then I shall await your good news." Hong Wending did not make a move. He was calm and composed.

After dozens of breaths, Jin Suibo replied, "The Mystical School of State did expel a disciple called Hong Wending several hundred years ago. However, the records of the sect stated that this Hong Wending was extremely vicious, raping a female disciple in the sect. He was caught by the Disciplinary Elder and thrown into the Infernal Zone." Gu Chensha nodded, a playful smile on his face as he relayed the information he had just obtained.

"Shameless!"

Hong Wending let out a long howl of grief and indignation. "Everyone, please investigate this. I was framed. Naturally, the sect has to cover up the truth of my being framed. They purposely smeared my name and made me out to be a heinous criminal."

"You and the Mystical School of State have your own version of the information regarding this matter. We can't make a judgment either."

At this moment, Lou Baiyue spoke up. "However, if you want our Celestial Tranquility Department to investigate this matter, it's very simple. You just have to obtain enough merit points. Go capture devils. Twenty of them in the Golden Core realm, two of them in the transcendence energy realm, or one of them at the same realm as you. Once you've captured them, you'll be rewarded. We'll investigate this matter for you. If you've been framed, you'll naturally have your name cleared. You can join our Celestial Tranquility Department. Are you willing?"

"Celestial Tranquility Department is indeed fair and orderly. The rules are strict. I'm impressed. I'll go capture devils right now. Just you wait." Hong Wending suddenly said and flew off into the distance.

"What do you think this person is planning?" Lou Baiyue asked.

"Whether it's real or fake, it's hard to tell. If he is alone, we can join hands to fight him. If we work together, we have a high chance of killing him." Gu Chensha said, "Even if he is at the Dao Realm 23 Transformations, I suspect that he has a group behind him. But I suspect there's a group behind him, and he's just here to test us.

Over the years, there have been millions of disciples who have been sent to the Demon Region. Those who survived will definitely group up. If they don't, their chances of survival will be even slimmer. "

"That's very possible. We built an altar in the Demon Domain and started a massacre. It's very possible that those people know about it. At first, this person wanted to capture me, but when he saw that we were working together, he immediately changed his mind. He's also a cunning person."

Lou Baiyue smiled. "But to let him kill demons to sacrifice, anyway, he will definitely earn. Let's see what he can do."

"Large amounts of demons are gathered not far from the seal. They are building fortresses and gathering troops to attack once more."

Gu Chensha said, "That is the most important thing to solve. Baiyue, do you think that if we work together, we can destroy those fortresses?" "I am afraid not."

Lou Baiyue furrowed his brows. "I've probed the place several times and managed to kill a few demons. But now, there are more and more demons over there, and I can vaguely sense that there are experts hiding among them. Moreover, the gigantic Nether Iron Fortresses are connected to one another, absorbing and spitting out demon energy to form a formation. It's as if they're trying to complete some kind of killing formation. Even I don't dare to barge in recklessly, lest I fall into a tight encirclement and be killed. What's more frightening is that these demons that have gathered here are likely driven by the will of a Demon God expert."

"The demons in the Demon Region are endless and their numbers far exceed that of humans. If they all head out, they can cause an unprecedented disaster in the God Land. How terrifying." How terrifying. "Gu Chensha frowned.

He had already activated his Core Qi and suddenly flew high into the sky of the Demon Region. He turned into a heavenly eye and observed the situation near the broken seal.

He discovered that the Nether Iron Fortresses in the vicinity were connected to one another, almost comparable to the Great Wall of Stone. These fortresses were engraved with densely packed spell formations that constantly absorbed demonic qi, condensing into all kinds of demonic statues. It was almost as if a group of demons was dancing wildly. Countless demonic armies resided in the Nether Iron Fortresses, and they were all chanting demonic curses. These curses condensed into demonic runes that swept out, covering the sky and earth.

"Good heavens, there are at least hundreds of millions of demons gathered here. If I capture them all and let my Touch of the Ghostly Tree absorb them, it can probably become a Heavenly Demon Tree." Gu Chensha's scalp went numb. What was even more terrifying was that there were demon experts in the depths of these fortresses. Of course, even ordinary demons were difficult to deal with when there were many of them.

It was fine if the demons were chaotic, but if they cooperated with each other and chanted the curse, it would be difficult to deal with them.

Gu Chensha was proficient in the Maha Prison Suppression Scripture and knew that this was the Maha Infinite Mantra. It was a supreme technique that combined offense and defense. Even ordinary demons could chant it, and when combined with meditation, they could use their voices to mobilize demonic energy for their own use.

The power of one demon chanting the curse was average, but the destructive and defensive power of ten demons combined was considerable, and the power of a hundred demons was even greater.

There were hundreds of millions of demons gathered in the densely packed Nether Iron Fortresses, and there was no lack of experts among them. Even the demons who had cultivated Connate Stellar Energy were very powerful when chanting the Maha Infinite Mantra, not to mention that there were many Golden Core experts and even some demons who had cultivated Dharmic powers.

When Gu Chensha saw this, he knew that it would be difficult to shake the demons gathered in the Nether Iron Fortresses.

He was deeply worried. These demons were still gathering, clearly preparing for something. As long as they were ready, they would break through the seal and reach the God Land. That would be the beginning of the turmoil. But there was nothing he could do now.

Even if he cultivated Dharmic powers, it would be useless. The demons had gathered together, and the general trend was already formed. If he went in alone, he would only be courting death.

Thinking of the demons gathering and about to erupt at any time, Jing Qiu, Fa Wuxian, Wu Di, and the others stirring up trouble and destroying the good situation of the world, he was extremely angry.

"There are too many demons in the Nether Iron Fortresses, and they are chanting the Maha Infinite Mantra to mobilize demonic energy and condense it into a demon statue. This way, as time passes, the power gathered in the Nether Iron Fortresses will become more and more powerful, and the density of demonic energy will become very high."

Gu Chensha frowned. "We need to find the flaw and break it in one fell swoop. Only then can we resolve the crisis in the future."

"His Majesty has sealed the Demon Domain for twenty years, causing more and more demons to gather in the Demon Domain, and it is difficult to vent them. At this time, the seal has been shaken by the great changes in the world, and it is only a matter of time before the Demon Disaster comes. This Demon Domain is vast, and hundreds of millions of demons are nothing. Apart from that, there are many layers of the Demon Domain, and the demons are endless.

We can only try our best to maintain it. "Lou Baiyue also felt that the situation was not optimistic.

"The two of us can only join forces to kill the demons coming from all directions." Gu Chensha thought about it, and this was the only way to deal with the urgent matter at hand. At this time, on an extremely ancient Demon Mountain in the boundless distance. This Demon Mountain was completely made up of bones.

The body of the mountain seemed to be the skeleton of an ancient giant beast, and each bone was like a divine pillar that reached the heavens. Even a single claw of the beast was as large as a city.

On top of the Bone Devil Mountain sat a woman. She was very beautiful, and did not seem to fit in with the Demon Domain. At this moment, Hong Wending, who had been chatting with Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue, flew over and landed in front of the woman. He actually knelt down on one knee and said, "Your subordinate pays his respects, Immortal Master." "Rise."

The woman who had been addressed as Immortal Master had a beautiful voice. "I didn't think that the Celestial Calmness Department would be so capable. They didn't immediately try to recruit you." "Immortal Master, what should your subordinate do next?" Hong Wending asked respectfully.

"In that case, go kill the demons. You must join the Celestial Calmness Department. I've already divined that the destiny of this organization is flourishing, and that there will be many benefits for you in the future. You joining them is my first step."

The woman who was known as the Immortal Master tapped her finger lightly. "In addition, we need to make use of this Demon Disaster to return to the Celestial Calmness Department, and become the new Profound Sect of the Dao of Immortals.

I've been working hard in the Demon Domain, protecting disciples like you who were exiled here. I'm hoping that one day, I'll make use of this opportunity to return. "

"Immortal Master has given me a new lease on life." Hong Wending said, "Your subordinate will definitely do his best and not let you down." "Very good."

The Immortal Master nodded her head. "You've comprehended the secrets of time and reached the 23 transformations of the Dao Realm. You're definitely one of the elites in my sect. And in many other mystical sects, your cultivation is probably one of the candidates for the position of sect leader. Based on what I know, the current young sect leader of the State Mystical Sect, the person who framed you back then, is only at the 22 transformations of the Heaven and Earth."

When he heard these words, Hong Wending's gaze was filled with hatred. He kowtowed once more and left.