Chapter 589
===========

"Marquis Dashi, you're dreaming."

The Dharma Elephant Realm had confidence. He had the backing of the Dharma Saint. Not only that, the Lei Clan was slowly probing the bottom line left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Heavenly Sovereign. As long as they didn't cross that bottom line, they wouldn't trigger the forbidden art of the Heavenly Talisman Heavenly Sovereign and they would be safe. "This time, all the aristocratic clans are of one mind. We will make a few requests to the royal court.

Otherwise, don't blame us aristocratic clans for not getting involved. It doesn't matter how strong the Devilbane is, it can't shake the foundations of our aristocratic clans. The same goes for the imperial court. There are more than ten billion commoners, and ninety-nine percent of them are mortals below the Dao Realm. Right now, there are probably no more than a hundred million people who can step into the Dao Realm.

In my opinion, if we don't include the aristocratic families, I'm afraid we don't have any. How are we going to deal with the Devil Disaster? "

"I heard that the Great Wei Dynasty's Black Yellow Dragon Emperor has great ambitions and has already cultivated to the peak of the 36 Transformations. He is at the Embodiment Transformation Realm and is only a step away from breaking through to the realm beyond the three realms, beyond the Five Elements, and becoming a Heavenly Lord, a Heavenly Lord."

Wu Pogong cooperated with the Dharma Image Realm and said, "He seems to want to take over the Divine Prefecture. I think the imperial court will not be able to deal with him without the help of us aristocratic families."

The number of people in the world, including the overseas countries, the Yongchō's household registration number was over ten billion.

If they followed the birth policy of the Calming Immortal Department, in another three to five years, the population would more than double.

It had to be known that in order to obtain the Sky Dew Pills of the Calming Immortal Department, every household was giving birth without restraint. Some families gave birth to seven or eight children, while others gave birth to more than ten children.

After taking the Sky Dew Pill, both adults and children would basically be strong and healthy. They would not suffer from any illnesses or disasters. Their vitality would be replenished, and they would make rapid progress in their martial arts and studies.

But Gu Chensha knew that although the world had developed quickly and the population had exploded, there were still very few Dao Realm experts.

When he first made his debut, in the 14th year of the Heavenly Talisman, he arrived at Ba Nan Province in Xian Province. The guards of the provincial governor were only two Martial Arts Grandmasters of the Mortal Realm. There was no way he could hire Dao Realm experts.

If the disciples of the aristocratic families were not included, the number of Dao Realm experts that could be recorded in Yongchō was pitifully low. There might not even be 10,000 of them. And now, there were already more than ten million of them. Only thirteen years had passed. What did a Dao Realm expert mean?

This meant that he could absorb the Spiritual Energy of Heaven and Earth on his own without needing to replenish it. Furthermore, he could climb over mountains as if he was walking on flat ground.

Back then, when the Black Demon Bat assassinated Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue, it was only at the second transformation of Dao Realm and it was able to step on the waves of the dangerous Stone State Canyon. In the end, it was like an ape that jumped up the cliff and escaped.

Once a person reached the Dao Realm, their mobility, agility, poison resistance, and various other physical abilities would undergo a qualitative transformation. Even if they encountered a demon disaster, their ability to deal with demons would also greatly increase. In the Demon Disaster, most of them were ordinary demons who hadn't reached Dao Realm.

Normally speaking, after a Demon Disaster broke out, the higher-level powers would threaten one another while the commoners and the demons would kill one another. Of course, there were times when the higher-level powers would attack one another and kill the lower-level ones. But that would cause the situation to go out of control and cause chaos. The world would collapse and everything would be swept away.

When that happened, there was a high chance that the higher-level powers of both sides would fall. This was why at the start of the war, both sides would probe each other and wouldn't go all out. Of course, as they probed each other, they would go all out. In the end, the world would collapse and the Divine Continent would definitely sink.

What Gu Chensha wanted to do now was to grab the chance and use the first few years of the Demon Disaster to not let the world fall. Instead, he wanted the world to grow stronger through the war.

However, with just the strength of the Celestial Calmness Department alone, it would be hard to support the situation. If the aristocratic families worked together, then it would be perfect. If they interfered, then there would be many calamities.

The God Grade Antiques of the aristocratic families seemed to know the situation of the world and used this to restrict the Imperial Court and the Celestial Calmness Department.

"Today, our aristocratic families will still work together."

Jun Wanchou said coldly, "We will also propose a few rules to the Imperial Court. First, we will still protect the Yongchō Emperor, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

Second, the Imperial Court will have to give us preferential treatment. Your Celestial Calmness Department has the Dragon Nurturing and Dragon Creation Arts. If you give them to us, we will give you some resources.

Third, the Clear Skies Merchant Guild, the National Fortune Party, and the Hongyun Games all have shares in them. You can't confiscate them. The Sun Moon Division also has disciples from our aristocratic families in it. You can't arrest or abolish them. Everything will continue as before.

Our aristocratic families and the Celestial Calmness Department will not interfere with each other for now. You can fight against the demons while we expand our strength. " "That's right. That's right."

Fan Bai nodded. The bow in his hand spun in the air. "Gu Chensha, you're just a junior. How dare you be so arrogant? If you become a God Grade Saint, or even a Sage, will there be any way for us aristocratic families to survive?

You know how powerful the bow and arrows in my hands are. If we really fight to the death, even if you hide in a Minor Chiliocosm, I have ways to make you suffer a fate worse than death. So many aristocratic families will join forces today. With the Warlock Saint as the leader, we will establish a new World Alliance. " "This Saint will only be the founder."

At this time, a leisurely voice rang out. It was the Dharma Saint's voice. When everyone heard it, they thought it was a golden decree. "The Heaven Alliance will still be led by the owner of the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. Concubine Wu Dangkong is the most suitable candidate."

"Yes, Lord Dharma Saint." Immediately, all the aristocratic families' experts, including Fa Wuxian, bowed respectfully.

"The Black Heaven Earth Sect will also join the Heaven Alliance," Xuan An said.

"The Nine Swords Mystical Sect will also join."

Another Dao Realm Transformation 25 Undying Body expert, who was hidden among Wu Dangkong's group of 100 guards, spoke up.

"The Red Cloud Sect will also join."

At this moment, another god-grade expert stood out. This god-grade expert hid himself really well. He looked like a normal guard, but now that he appeared, his aura was really domineering and domineering.

"The Red Cloud Sect's Xiao Donglai. This person hasn't appeared in the world for 1,000 years." Instantly, someone recognized his face.

"Very good. The Black Heaven Earth Sect, Red Cloud Sect, and Nine Swords Mystical Sect are also going against the Imperial Court?"

Gu Chensha looked at these Deity level experts without the slightest hint of fear. "Especially the Crimson Firmament Sect. I've received news that they're taking advantage of the Devil Calamity's eruption to gather a bunch of rabble. Daoist Tranquillity and the rest of them. Why? Why aren't you attacking anymore?

Also, Dharma Saint, after you woke up, you started the Spirit Demon Plan. You want to wipe out the human race. You are not fit to be called a human Saint. " "Is that so? Junior. "

The Warlock Saint's mocking voice could be heard. "Interesting. Young man, you are like a newborn calf that is not afraid of a tiger. I will not argue with you. When Gu Taxian comes out from his seclusion, I will talk to him.

Junior, ruling the world requires compromise. Even Gu Taxian signed an agreement with the aristocratic families. All of you don't have much strength, but you have all learned how to be lawless. "

"Dharma Saint, you are an ancient Saint who created the true essence of the law. Even the ancient Emperors are respectful to you and listen to your reasoning with the many Saints. These juniors don't know your prestige and are so disrespectful. This is indeed a sign of the collapse of etiquette."

At this moment, the Red Cloud Sect's god-grade expert, Xiao Donglai, cupped his fists towards the sky. "Leave it to us to teach these juniors a lesson."

"Very well." The Dharma Saint's voice was heard. It was only one word, and then there was no more sound.

As he spoke, Xiao Donglai suddenly looked at Gu Chensha. "You killed two of my Red Cloud Sect's elders in the Demon Domain. How are you going to repay this debt of blood?"

"How awe-inspiring. The Imperial Court is our Gu Clan's domain. Your first attempt to force the Emperor to abdicate the throne failed, and now you want to try a second time?" The fourth brother said, "It looks like there should be a few more people kneeling in the plaza." "As a prince, you can't kill the innocent and treat human life like grass."

Wudang Kong said, "Even the emperor didn't kill Elder Wang Ji of the Crimson Firmament Profound Sect. He only let him do good deeds. They entered the Devil's Domain to kill devils, but you actually killed them for your own selfishness, stole their treasures, and cultivated demonic arts. And you speak so righteously. In the imperial court, I naturally have to uphold justice. " Wu Dangkong trembled again.

Gu Chensha ignored Wu Dangkong and looked at Xiao Donglai. "What does the Red Cloud Sect want to do?"

"It's simple. Abolish everything you have and imprison you. Like the Thunder Source, you will forever kneel in front of the Red Cloud Sect." Xiao Donglai was full of murderous intent.

"Hahahahaha …" Gu Chensha suddenly laughed out loud. "Many aristocratic families and two or three sects have formed this so-called World Alliance. This is the Warlock Saint's alliance. You actually dared to threaten and kill us in the imperial court. Even if the Lei Family suffered a loss, you still don't remember. Do you still want to test the emperor's bottom line? "

"Nonsense. You're a junior with a shallow cultivation. How dare you shout in front of us God-level experts? Do you really think you can control the situation? "Xiao Donglai seemed to want to attack.

Lou Baiyue suddenly said, "Today, all of you from the aristocratic families cannot leave. You have committed a serious crime by shouting at the imperial court. As for the Profound Crimson Cloud Gate, there is no need for it to exist anymore.

"Funny."

Xiao Donglai almost laughed. "I don't understand. What gives the Calmness Celestial Department the right to be so arrogant?" "Let me tell you why!" Gu Chensha suddenly pointed with a finger. Rumble!