Chapter 26
=========

In the study at the innermost part of Duke Chen's mansion, the decorations were very simple. The furniture wasn't extravagant either - just ordinary hardwood with a layer of red paint on the surface.

The House of High Dukes shouldn't be this shabby. It was just emptied by the butler. Gu Chensha didn't go around to buy anything. He was cultivating his martial arts [[memory:8536942]].

Logically speaking, the mansions of the rich would have a secret chamber. It was convenient to cultivate and discuss matters without being eavesdropped or disturbed. It was also a place to store treasures and escape. A secret chamber was a must for the rich. But this place didn't have one.

It was because building a secret chamber was the most expensive. There were all kinds of mechanisms, digging deep underground, setting up formations and so on. It was several times more expensive than building an entire mansion.

Gu Chensha knew that in a prince's mansion like Gu Fasha's, there were ancient formations in the secret chamber that gathered the spiritual energy of heaven and earth and the essence of the five elements to cleanse one's body.

"When I settle down and accumulate money, I must build a secret chamber."

He held the imperial edict with both hands. This was the edict to confer him the title of Duke Chen. If he felt it carefully, he could feel a kind of 'Qi' that could control the world and change people's fate. This was the Qi of the Emperor. His Majesty was the creator of fate.

Even if it was a poor and dejected person, as long as His Majesty said the word, that person would soar. This kind of 'Qi' that could change fate was the Qi of the Emperor.

The Qi of the Emperor was an extremely mysterious power. With Gu Chensha's cultivation, he still couldn't understand it.

Gu Chensha lived in a small courtyard, eating rotten rice and drinking bitter water. Now that the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had given the order, he immediately moved to a spacious mansion with hundreds of servants. His fate had changed.

Now, he was going to sacrifice the Qi of the Emperor on the imperial edict to the heavens and obtain the cultivation method of the third style of Sun and Moon Shine Together.

Of course, he had only mastered the basics of Sun and Moon Refining and Sun and Moon Transformation. He was greedy but with the imperial edict in hand, he couldn't waste the Qi of the Emperor.

Losing the imperial edict was a huge crime and he might be attacked. But it didn't matter, he could just create a fake one. No one would be able to tell anyway.

Bang!

The imperial edict burned in his hand, emitting raging flames. The "Emperor's Aura" was transmitted into the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

But this time, there was no image of the Third Transformation of the Sun and Moon Radiance. Instead, there was a change in the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

The imperial edict, which had been glowing with green light, suddenly disappeared, turning into a green light and drilling into the depths of Gu Chensha's mind.

Following that, he saw a space glowing with green light. It was about a few acres in size, and in the center of the space, there was an altar. The altar was round, simple and desolate. Mottled patterns were inscribed on it, and one could feel the charm of the primordial chaos.

"Altar? Space..." Gu Chensha's consciousness was clear, and he was in the room again. Then, with a thought, he once again entered the space of green light and observed the ancient altar.

"This space and the altar are the true form of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree? Now, fuse it into the depths of my mind. As long as I want to, I can enter it and offer sacrifices at any time."

Gu Chensha thought about it carefully and knew what had happened. "The Heaven Sacrificial Decree is an earth-shattering treasure. It's not a big deal for it to form a Grotto-Heaven. It's a good thing that such a change happened. There's no trace of it, and I don't have to carry it with me all the time. It's easy to be discovered."

The Heaven Sacrificial Decree had turned into a space altar and was hidden in the depths of his mind. No one could find it. He was very satisfied with this change.

The key was that if he encountered danger, he could hide in the space of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. As long as he willed it, he could enter it.

Of course, if he encountered a real expert, he wouldn't even have time to think before he was overwhelmed by the aura of martial arts. He would still die a terrible death.

Just as he was thinking about how to use the Heaven Sacrificial Decree, his mind suddenly sensed something.

"Your martial arts are getting stronger and stronger?" Another person appeared in the room out of nowhere. It was Long Yuyun.

"Be careful not to be discovered. Although I've established my residence, my every move is being monitored by others. There are many crouching tigers and hidden dragons in the capital. If they find out that I'm in contact with Dragon Sword Island, I'm afraid I'll be in trouble."

Gu Chensha saw that Long Yuyun's body was floating and her aura was faint. He knew that she had been poisoned and her martial arts had recovered.

Dao Realm experts, even if they were at the first transformation, could absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth. Their recovery speed was extremely strong, and they rarely got poisoned or sick. They wouldn't be tainted by the filth of the mortal world.

"Don't worry, I've recovered all my strength. I've also taken a concealment talisman to hide my aura." Long Yuyun smiled. "You underestimate the methods of Dao Realm. You also underestimate the hidden strength of Dragon Sword Island. I already know that you obtained the title of Duke Chen during the hunt in Nanshan. Apart from that, that Lou Baiyue actually killed the demonized barbarian general. It seems like even if I fight her head on, I won't have the upper hand."

"You even know that?" Gu Chensha was shocked at how strong Dragon Sword Island was.

"Our Dragon Sword Island and Gu Hengsha have been fighting for so many years, so we have some tricks up our sleeves. We've planted spies in various noble residences, so it's not an exaggeration to know some information," Long Yuyun was a little mysterious.

"Why are you here today?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Naturally, it's to congratulate you on opening the residence and also to discuss some important matters. Your residence is broken and your servants are all scheming. Without my help, you won't be able to last half a year before it's riddled with holes. Your reorganization just now was actually useless. You've just alerted the enemy. Ruling a country is like cooking a small fish. It's the same for ruling a family."

Long Yuyun looked around and smiled playfully.

"Then what about your men? Isn't it the same?" Gu Chensha naturally knew what Long Yuyun was trying to do.

"It's not the same. The other princes' men want to harm you, but I'm cooperating with you and helping you. You and I both take what we need."

Long Yuyun analyzed the pros and cons. "You have fifty armored soldiers, but you have to rely on yourself to recruit them. Do you dare use those soldiers from the Ministry of War? As for my Dragon Sword Island, I can give you fifty warriors, and even ten martial arts masters and a grandmaster."

The Great Yong Dynasty's conscription system was perfect. There were "military academies" everywhere, and anyone who wanted to be a soldier could enter and learn for free. As long as they could pass the test and reach the first level of the mortal realm, they could become a soldier.

Before the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, soldiers had a hard life. There was a common saying, "Good iron doesn't need nails, and good men don't become soldiers." But now, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty had reformed the military system. Not only did the treatment of soldiers greatly increase, families could also enjoy the privilege of being exempted from labor. They were already almost the same as scholars.

Of course, in the military academies, they also had to learn to read. The tests included various military affairs, geography, astronomy, water patterns, climate, and so on. It was precisely because of this that they were called warriors.

Soldiers who could cultivate to the "Ascension Stage" would be assessed as "Warriors" in the army, and could become ordinary officers, which was equivalent to scholar-officials.

As for those who cultivated to the "Perfection Stage", they would be assessed as "Martial Arts Masters", and their positions could even become "Junior Generals" who could manage a hundred or even a thousand people.

Once they reached the peak and became a Martial Arts Master, they would be a talented general, and it wouldn't be a problem for them to manage tens of thousands of soldiers.

If the Ministry of War assigned them to Gu Chensha, they would be ordinary soldiers. But now, Long Yuyun was able to give fifty warriors. Just how deep was their foundation?

But thinking about it, Dragon Sword Island was actually equivalent to a country with a population of several million, so it wasn't strange at all.

Warriors were the middle force wherever they went. It was precisely because of this that the Tiger-Wolf Pill, which could turn ordinary people into Tiger-Wolf Warriors, was very popular in ancient times.

A slightly talented person would start all kinds of training from a young age. They would eat fish and meat, and receive guidance from famous masters. They would need at least ten years of diligent training to become a qualified warrior.

"Alright, we have a deal. Even if the entire mansion is controlled by you, it's still better than being controlled by those princes," Gu Chensha thought about it and immediately agreed.

"Good." Long Yuyun clapped her hands. "It seems like you are a person who does great things, immediately weighing the pros and cons. Don't worry, as long as you can control the court in the future, so what if the entire Dragon Sword Island belongs to you? After all, the world already belongs to the Dayong Dynasty."

Gu Chensha stood up. "That might not be the case. I've read history books. The Land of Infinity is so vast that even deities can't estimate its size. The land where the Dayong Dynasty is located is just a drop in the ocean compared to the entire Land of Infinity. No one can say for sure that in the faraway land that even deities can't reach, there is an imperial court that is stronger than the Dayong Dynasty."

"That makes sense. Second Prince Gu Xuansha's mission is to go around the borders and draw a map to see if there are any other powerful countries." Long Yuyun said. "Actually, just overseas, in the land of the extreme west, there is the Great Wei Dynasty. The strength of the country is not to be underestimated. It's a pity that it's too far away. Even if our Dragon Sword Island is an expert with an extremely profound level of Tao, it would take decades to fly there."

"Fly for decades?" Gu Chensha clicked his tongue. "It's so far away. No wonder I haven't heard of any emissaries from the Great Wei Dynasty."

"The matters of the mansion can be handed over to Little Yizi to manage. I hope you can nurture him well. Right, I have something to ask of you," Gu Chensha thought of many things.

"What is it?"

"It's a book about ancient sacrificial techniques. For example, the ancient Son of Heaven sacrificed to the heavens and the common people sacrificed to the gods."

"You want to sacrifice to the gods?" Long Yuyun frowned. "Right, you've activated the bloodline of the Great Spirit God. Could it be... that you can really communicate with the Great Spirit God? Sacrifice to the Great Spirit God? Sacrifice is not a joke. Once you communicate with the gods, the sacrifice is equivalent to an exchange. You will be controlled by the gods. It's very dangerous. Since ancient times, whether it is sacrificing to righteous gods or evil gods, it is not the right way of cultivation. Even if it is a righteous god, once you sacrifice to him, you will have his mark on your body. If he falls, you will also fall. You will never be able to cultivate to his level. For us cultivators, the level is limitless. Even if it is a god, it cannot be a mountain that we cannot surpass. If you believe in gods, you will never be able to surpass them."

"That makes sense. This is the spirit of us cultivators." Gu Chensha suddenly thought of Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's "Great God Massacre Technique." "I am not sacrificing to the gods. I just want to understand." 