Chapter 50
=========

The forest was filled with towering trees that towered into the sky. Below the trees were thorny shrubs, and there was almost no path. This was the most suitable situation for escaping. The Sun Moon Transformation allowed him to maneuver through the forest with ease. He twisted and turned repeatedly, evading his pursuers.

Crackle!

The sound of trees breaking came from behind, as if a giant mountain god was cutting a path.

The barbarian marshal refused to let go. He was determined to kill him. No trees, thorns, or even rocks could stop him. The ancient halberd in his hand swung casually, and everything in its path was destroyed.

Gradually, he went deeper into the forest, away from the main road. Gu Chensha felt that he would be caught by the barbarian marshal soon. Fortunately, he had a trump card. Seeing a cave in front of him, he quickly went in.

Bang!

Three breaths after he entered the cave, the barbarian marshal reached the entrance. Then, the Blood Soul Hierarch and the Hundred Poisons Daoist followed.

"He went into the cave," The barbarian marshal spoke in the barbarian language.

The leader of the Blood Soul Hierarch kicked out a pebble, which created a strong gust of wind that shot into the cave. Hearing the echo, a smile appeared on his face. "Marshal, this kid is walking right into our trap. There are no other exits in the cave and it is not deep. We can go in and capture him."

He was experienced. He could tell the size of the cave and the other exits by the sound of a stone thrown. He could even tell if there were beasts inside.

"Wait, I'll throw a poisonous mist into the cave and poison him to death first!" The Hundred Poisons Daoist was covered in wounds. He was furious. He was almost killed by Gu Chensha. Naturally, he wanted to tear him to pieces.

"Wait." The barbarian marshal pressed his hand down to stop the Hundred Poisons Daoist. "It's not appropriate to poison this person. I want to capture him and sacrifice him to the god. He must be alive."

As he spoke, he also went into the cave.

But after a while, he came out empty-handed. "The cave is not big, and there are no other exits. But this brat is gone. What is going on?"

"How is this possible?" The Blood Soul Cult Master dove in. The cave was indeed not big, and there were no forks in the road. The four walls were bare, and it could not hide anyone. He looked around casually. It was a dead end, but Gu Chensha had disappeared.

At this time, the Hundred Poisons Daoist also came in. He looked around and found nothing out of the ordinary, which meant that Gu Chensha did not enter the cave.

Roar!

The Marshall of the Barbarian Race bellowed as he leapt out of the cave. At the same time, he gave an order, "Blood Soul, Hundred Poisons, split up and search. If you spot anyone, immediately sound the alarm."

"Why wouldn't they meet for no reason?" The Hundred Poisons Daoist and the Blood Soul Daoist were also puzzled. The two looked at each other in the cave. Hearing the Barbarian Tribe Marshal gradually disappear into the distance, the Hundred Poisons Daoist spoke first. "Blood Soul, I think we still have to join forces. That brat's martial arts are strange. The Black Demon Bat and Yin-Yang Scholar were killed without any rhyme or reason. The intelligence said that Tian Fu was killed by the dog emperor's nineteenth son. None of the dog emperor's sons are good people. The Third Prince Gu Fansha even wanted to recruit us, but he couldn't give us what we wanted. Now that the Barbarians are at war with the Imperial Court, we have to be careful."

"I know everything you said." The leader of the Blood Soul Cult laughed sinisterly. "The Barbarian Tribe isn't anything good either. But this time, the Evil God was pressured too much. He actually sent down an oracle to share the benefits with us. We sacrificed to him and gained a lot of benefits. That's why we were able to kill those lowly people and ascend to the Second Transformation State. I think the Imperial Court is pressuring us so much that the Evil God will give in even more. Hence, if we want to quickly raise our cultivation level, we can only follow the Barbarian Tribe."

"Then how about following the Great Wei Dynasty?" The Hundred Poisons Daoist was about to walk out of the cave. "Prince Gu has brought an imperial edict to confer us the title of Earl."

"That's just an expedient measure. We are of the Evil Path. No orthodox Imperial Court will tolerate us. We are born to break the laws. Hence, there's no possibility of us working together with the orthodox Imperial Court." The leader of the Blood Soul Cult sounded disdainful. "Let's find a time to kill him and then sacrifice him to the Evil God. The Evil God likes this kind of orthodox Imperial Court. Their bodies are tainted with the Emperor's Qi and the Emperor's Aura. After sacrificing them, it will be greatly beneficial to the Evil God's power."

"We are weak individually. Let's work together and work together sincerely in the future. Don't be suspicious of each other," The Hundred Poisons Daoist quickly tried to rope them in.

"Of course. The Black Demon Bat and Yin Yang Scholar, those two idiots, attacked each other and were killed," The leader of the Blood Soul Cult nodded. The two of them worked together and were about to get out of the cave.

Buzz...

At this moment, a buzzing sound came from behind them. The air in the entire cave was trembling slightly. They quickly turned back and saw the sun and moon appear in the cave at the same time. The explosion shook the cave, and all they could see was Sword Qi. The destructive will made them feel like they couldn't move.

The Sword Qi came swiftly and violently. It swept away all the evil in the world and killed the evildoers. It restored the world to its original clarity, enforcing justice on behalf of heaven and bringing order out of chaos.

Sun and Moon Kill!

The Emperor's God Sealing Art's destructive killing move.

Pfft!

Before the leader of the Blood Soul Cult and the Hundred Poisons Daoist could react, their heads were separated from their bodies.

Gu Chensha was bleeding all over. His meridians were broken. He was heavily injured again because of the Sun and Moon Kill.

"These two are powerful. If they weren't unprepared and had their backs to me, I wouldn't have been able to kill them even if I used the Sun and Moon Kill in a head-on fight." Gu Chensha put all the corpses into the altar space and jumped in. He didn't care about healing his injuries first. Anyway, the Barbarian Race Marshal wouldn't be satisfied until he killed him. He would wander around the mountain for a long time.

He had used the Sun Moon Kill twice, both times when he was caught off guard. He had jumped out of the altar space. This kind of sneak attack was the most effective. If he had used the Sun Moon Kill in a head-on confrontation, the enemy would have been on guard, and he might not have been able to kill him so quickly.

When he entered the cave, he entered the altar space directly. He saw that the Barbarian Race Marshal had left, leaving only the leader of the Blood Soul Cult and the Hundred Poisons Daoist to discuss. Then, he left and quickly seized the opportunity to deliver a fatal blow.

The leader of the Blood Soul Cult and the Hundred Poisons Daoist never dreamed that someone would come out of the originally empty cave.

---

The altar space.

There were many blood balls floating in the air. They were the souls and blood essences of the Barbarian Race's Martial Dao masters. The two largest blood balls were the Hundred Poisons Daoist and the leader of the Blood Soul Cult.

However, Gu Chensha couldn't care less. He immediately drank the Heavenly Dew and smeared it on his wounds. At the same time, he activated the Sun and Moon Mental Cultivation Technique to quickly refine the medicine.

He recovered much faster than the last time. In less than an hour, his broken meridians, cracked skin, and twisted bones had recovered. His body seemed to be stronger than before.

This was the improvement of his martial arts. The Sun and Moon Refinement Technique had strengthened his body. However, without the help of the Heavenly Dew, he wouldn't have been able to cultivate so quickly.

Seeing that his injuries had recovered, he lit up the grass and sacrificed the souls of the Barbarian Race soldiers and the leader of the Blood Soul Cult and the Hundred Poisons Daoist to the Heavenly Dao. Immediately, the Heavenly Dew floated above the altar.

He put them all into the gourd. He estimated that he had more than five hundred drops of Heavenly Dew, including the ones left from the last time. If he sold them, even the aristocratic families wouldn't be as rich as him.

"Blood Melting Blade, shatter!" Next, he grabbed the Blood Melting Blade and sacrificed it again. At the moment of shattering, he threw the prototype of the Demon Descending Blade out.

Bang!

The huge Blood Melting Blade turned into the Demon Descending Blade and fused with the original prototype, forming a new Demon Descending Blade.

The new Demon Descending Blade was prismatic and sharp on three sides. It was three feet long and had natural runes on it. It had terrifying cutting power just by looking at it.

"Good, this Demon Descending Blade is much sharper, but I'm afraid it still can't break through the defense of the Barbarian Marshal. With the Barbarian Marshal's martial arts, I'll definitely lose even if I launch a sneak attack. Only by advancing to the Dao Realm will I have a chance of assassinating him."

Grabbing the Demon Descending Blade, he began to search the Hundred Poisons Daoist and the leader of the Blood Soul Cult for valuables.

"As expected, an imperial edict!" Two imperial edicts were found.

They were both Earls conferred by the Great Wei Dynasty. The majestic Emperor's Qi on them was extremely dense. Gu Chensha carefully examined them and found that the Emperor's Qi was comparable to the Great Yong Dynasty's imperial edict. He was secretly shocked and knew that the Great Wei Dynasty's national fortune was probably not inferior to the Great Yong Dynasty's.

From the Great Yong Dynasty to the Heavenly Talisman Era, it could be said that the national fortune was the strongest in history. Before that, many countries had split up and many emperors had attacked each other. Ten years ago, the Great Yong Dynasty had destroyed a hundred countries and unified them. The national fortune was at its peak, like a blazing sun. Just how great was the Great Wei Dynasty to be able to contend with the Great Yong Dynasty?

"By the heavens, your subject Gu Chensha offers the Emperor's Qi..." Gu Chensha did not hesitate to offer the imperial edict.

Immediately, the altar space changed. A hazy sun and moon vaguely appeared in the sky. At the same time, a strange thought entered the depths of his mind.

"The Heaven Sacrificial Talisman absorbs the Emperor's Qi and can transform into the Sun and Moon Altar, the Heaven and Earth Altar, the Living Being Altar..."

"So that's how it is." Gu Chensha thought carefully and digested the information. He finally understood what the future form of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman would take. As long as it absorbed enough Emperor's Qi, the talisman's first transformation would be the Sun Moon Altar.

Once the Sun Moon Altar was truly formed, there would be many benefits. For example, a projection of the sun and moon would appear in the sky above the altar. The essence of the sun and moon would shake and cleanse the body if one cultivated in the projection. It would be many times better than cultivating outside. Apart from that, there were many other benefits.

Looking at the blurry sun and moon above the altar, Gu Chensha knew that the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman had not truly transformed into the Sun Moon Altar. It still needed more Emperor's Qi.

After familiarizing himself with the changes of the altar, he looked at the wealth of the Blood Soul Hierarch and the Hundred Poisons Daoist.

He did not know what the Blood Shadow Whip was, but it was definitely a powerful weapon. He put it aside for now. Apart from that, the Blood Soul Hierarch also had a Blood Shadow Demonic Scripture. It recorded many evil techniques and even a way to communicate with the Blood God. There were also some medicinal pills that looked very valuable.

"Oh, there are actually money notes." He finally found a stack of money notes from the Blood Soul Hierarch. Each note was worth one hundred thousand. There were twenty-eight of them, which was a huge sum of 2,800,000. 