Chapter 31
=========

"Using the blood of the wicked, demon, and barbarian to light up the lamp with the venomous spirit, one can obtain the heavenly dew," Gu Chensha recalled the records in the history books.

Now, after killing this barbarian, he activated the Heaven Sacrificial Altar's ability. The essence of the blood and the evil spirit turned into a ball of blood and was absorbed into the space. With the addition of the venomous spirit, one could obtain the heavenly dew.

The venomous spirit was used for divination and was rumored to have the ability to calculate the future. It was not rare and grew everywhere. Everyone who studied divination used it. Even the Confucian Sage highly recommended it.

The souls of ordinary people were transparent and invisible to the naked eye. But for those with high cultivation, their souls were green, gold, purple, and so on. They were righteous, kind, and beautiful. Their souls were white, giving off a sense of righteousness. In short, the souls of good people were a pleasant color. The souls of wicked people were pitch black, giving off a sense of discomfort and disgust.

After killing this barbarian, the ball of blood would wrap around his soul. It was unknown how much evil he had done and how twisted his heart was.

There was even a thick aura of an evil god. Sacrificing such a soul to the heavens was equivalent to helping the Heavenly Dao maintain the order of the world. However, Gu Chensha did not pay much attention to this.

He understood that only by becoming His Majesty and gathering the Son of Heaven's Qi could he truly unleash the power of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. Otherwise, it would be impossible for him to cultivate to the highest level.

But as for becoming His Majesty, he did not have any thoughts. His ability to govern a country was far inferior to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Moreover, seizing the throne was not so simple.

Now that the country was at peace and the people were at peace, seizing the throne would definitely cause the world to tremble. This was not what Gu Chensha wanted.

"Forget it, I'll take it one step at a time. What's the point of thinking so much?" Gu Chensha made up his mind. "I have obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, and I have my own destiny. I just need to uphold my morals, punish evil, promote kindness, and at the same time, protect myself. As for how far I can cultivate, that is not something I can calculate. The future is unpredictable, and who can predict everything? I just need to focus on what I'm doing now."

This thought flashed through his mind. He was no longer confused and became determined.

Bang!

His palm technique was swift and violent, and he killed another three barbarians. The blood essence and souls of the barbarians he killed were all sent into the space of the altar.

He also noticed something else. Only when he killed a barbarian and wanted to turn him into an offering would the dimension of the Heaven Offering Platform take the initiative to absorb him. He did not even need to use his thoughts to urge the barbarian's soul to scatter into the world, and the essence of his blood would remain in his corpse.

In other words, after the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman transformed into the altar space, it had the ability to absorb offerings according to Gu Chensha's will. This was also the basic function of some magic treasures.

Gu Chensha had read the Annals of the Heretic Path, and he knew that in history, there were fierce Heretic Path experts who refined magic treasures. For example, there was the Soul Devouring Banner. With a wave of the banner, the souls of hundreds of thousands of soldiers and civilians in an entire city would be sucked away, filling the city with corpses. It was incomparably terrifying.

Precisely because of this, after the Heavenly Talisman Emperor ascended to the throne, he made up his mind to annihilate all the evil sects. This was a great deed of merit, nobody was willing to see their entire family die in a single night.

"Void God Treasure, Grand Overarching Space!" Just as he was about to kill more barbarians, Lou Baiyue let out a long roar. It was unknown what kind of body skill she executed, but the deck was filled with her shadow. In a few breaths' time, dozens of barbarian experts were all killed and thrown into the river.

"This body skill is so powerful." Gu Chensha thought to himself. "However, if I cultivate the Sun and Moon Transformation for a few more years, the changes in my body skill will surpass Lou Baiyue."

The Sun and Moon Transformation also contained the changes in body skill, so the shadow of the sun and moon was everywhere. Under the illumination of the sun and moon, everything would have a shadow.

"Are there any more barbarians in the river?" Gu Chensha rushed forward and asked. "We can use the fire talisman spear to kill these barbarians in the river."

"The bullets of the fire talisman spear are extremely precious, we can't use them unless it's a critical moment." Lou Baiyue stood against the wind. "These barbarians only have the Armor Breaking Mosquito Needles that are more powerful. Those people from Nimble Hand Pavilion actually submitted to the barbarians, they are no different from beasts."

"I'm afraid there are more experts!" Gu Chensha seemed to feel a sense of danger. "Since the Evil God of the barbarian activated his oracle to kill you, the ones coming are definitely not people these small fries can compare to."

"That's natural," Lou Baiyue stared at the river far away. "What weapons do you want? I remember that the technique of the Great Spirit God has a skill of weapons. Spears, axes, hammers, knives, swords, and staffs, they all form their own system."

"I don't need weapons, just my bare hands, fists, and legs will do." At this moment, Gu Chensha's palm force could split stones. It could swallow and spit, combining strength and softness, surpassing many weapons.

"It's good to have confidence, but the martial world is dangerous. For example, these people just now, if they were wearing a type of leather armor called Poison Spike Armor, when you hit them with your palm, the poison spikes would pierce through your skin and seep into your body, numbing you to death. There are also poison experts in the martial world who are covered in poison. If your hand touches them, they will die right away."

Lou Baiyue reminded. "You can use weapons to kill enemies quickly. The longer you are, the stronger you are. Unless you cultivate to the sixth transformation of the Dao Realm, you can use Xiantian Energy to use the Hundred Step God Fist to smash the enemy."

"Then, I will use a spear," Gu Chensha thought about it. All sorts of weapons went through his mind and he decided on the most suitable one.

"Spear Slave, take a spear," Lou Baiyue instructed.

"Yes!" One more person appeared on the deck. It was the Spear Slave.

A pitch-black spear appeared in his hand. It was made of metal and there were threads spinning on it. When it shook slightly, it gave off the sound of metal clashing.

"Nineteenth Highness, catch," the Spear Slave tossed it over.

Gu Chensha grabbed it with one hand and sank down slightly. He felt that the spear weighed fifty kilograms and was made of rebar. It was mixed with rare metals and was really flexible. When he shook it slightly, the spear was like a flood dragon.

"Nineteenth Highness, you are really strong." The Spear Slave was shocked. He was a famous Grandmaster in the past and cultivated the spear for decades. To reach the Dao Realm, he was willing to be a slave and join the Lou Family. If not, although he was a hero, he wouldn't be able to obtain spiritual liquids or treasures that had no impurities.

Spiritual liquids were treasures that Dao Realm experts gathered by swallowing spiritual energy. Although it was far from the Sky Dew, if a martial arts grandmaster could use it, it would increase their chances of reaching the Dao Realm.

For example, Lou Baiyue and the other princes were even more extraordinary. From the moment they were born, they basically didn't need to eat the food of the mortal world. They fed on the spirit liquid and other treasures. Their flesh and blood became purer and purer, and any martial arts they cultivated would improve by leaps and bounds.

"Nineteenth Highness activated the Great Spirit God Bloodline and is really strong. This spear is a little light for him, but it is better than nothing. There might be a tough battle later, so you can retreat," Lou Baiyue waved her hands.

"Princess, do you want to wear the Cold Horned Dragon Armor and Li Fire Sword that His Majesty gave you?" The Spear Slave bowed and asked.

"No need. If there is a huge army fighting, then this armor can kill more enemies and break through their formation. But now that we are facing experts, wearing this armor won't be able to raise our cultivation. You won't be able to interfere with the person who comes, but you have to set up defenses in case other experts charge in," Lou Baiyue seemed to know the intel.

"Yes!" The Spear Slave retreated into the cabin and waited.

"What expert will come later?" Gu Chensha asked. "Dao Realm expert?"

"If he isn't Dao Realm, then why would I pay so much attention to him?" Lou Baiyue said with a faint smile. "A Dao Realm expert is not someone you can fight. For safety's sake, you should hide in the cabin for a while."

"It isn't like I haven't fought Dao Realm experts before." Gu Chensha said this on purpose and he didn't lie. Sometimes, he revealed some clues which made Lou Baiyue unable to see through him.

"Eh?" As expected, Lou Baiyue looked over like she wanted to see through him.

Aooo aooo aooo...

A long roar spread out from the mountain in the distance, causing the mountains to shake. All living beings were panicking.

Gu Chensha looked into the distance and saw the source of the roar. A black shadow jumped down from the cliff and moved between the cliffs. Even an ape couldn't compare to it.

A few breaths later, the black shadow jumped from the cliff to the river surface. However, it didn't sink. Instead, it stepped on the blue waves and walked over.

"Wave Stepping!" When Gu Chensha saw this ability, he knew that it didn't come with good intentions. He didn't even have such an ability.

After cultivating to Dao Realm, he absorbed Heaven and Earth Spiritual Energy all year round and became as light as a swallow. He was much stronger than normal people and had great strength. Although he couldn't fly in the air, it wasn't impossible for him to stand on the waves.

This person ran on the waves and was several times faster than a leopard. In the blink of an eye, he charged to the side of the ship and leaped up. He stepped on the body of the ship and used his strength to stand on the iron railings around the deck.

This person wore a black coat and was like a bat flying in the air. He didn't look like a barbarian. His nose was high, his eyes were like stars, his eyebrows were like swords, and his face was really handsome. However, there was a thick evil energy around his body. Gu Chensha could sense that there were many vengeful spirits wrapped around him. This person had many innocent lives on him.

If a person was righteous, even if he killed too many evil demons and was filled with killing intent, he wouldn't be filled with vengeance. Instead, he would be filled with sharpness and shock. This was the so-called furious King Kong.

"Black Demon Bat, when Black Demon Sect was wiped out by the Imperial Dynasty, you actually fled and joined the barbarian race." Lou Baiyue held his arms behind his back. "Evil demons are just evil demons, they have no humanity. Did you come here to attack because you received an Evil God Oracle?"

"The Great Yong Dynasty Imperial Court is really lucky." Black Demon Bat's aura was cold. "However, the barbarian Evil Gods are getting restless and have given out oracles. As long as you kill the officials, generals, and even commoners of the Great Yong Dynasty Imperial Court, there will be huge benefits. Your dynasty won't be able to hold on. That is because you have no god to protect you. Heavenly Talisman Emperor is so stupid to actually offend all the gods. Does he think that he can fight against the gods alone? Even if all the ancient emperors work together, they won't be able to do that."

"You speak too much nonsense," Lou Baiyue's aura soared and continued to climb. He was about to launch a thunderous attack. 