Chapter 14
=========

Every movement of the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art contained the highest truth of the universe. Although Sun and Moon Refining was the first move, it was the foundation and the most important. If one mastered it, they would be like the sun and moon in the sky, traveling in all directions. With yin and yang as fuel, anyone - god, demon, or monster - would be reduced to dust.

Gu Chensha had only learned the movements of this technique. But when he used it, his mind would meditate and his aura would change. It was as if he had gathered the entire universe into a furnace.

When this move was used, even Long Yuyun was shocked. She lost control of her composure and saw the changes around her. Flames were born in the sky, burning the space inch by inch. Of course, this was an illusion and not reality.

"He is actually so strong?" Long Yuyun retreated.

She was an expert who had stepped into the Dao Realm. Although she was only at the first transformation, her mind and body were not that of a mortal. Her mind was not something that a mortal's aura could affect.

Even though she was poisoned and her strength was reduced to only twenty to thirty percent, her mind was still far above that of a Grandmaster.

In a battle of martial arts, the slightest mistake was the difference between a thousand miles. While she was distracted, Gu Chensha attacked and she lost the initiative.

"Ocean God Demon Suppressing Abyss."

Her hands formed circles and circled around her, making herself look like a dark abyss in the deep sea. She tried to dissolve Gu Chensha's attack.

Peng!

Gu Chensha's Sun and Moon Refining wasn't something she could defend against. After three clashes, he finally took advantage of the gap and attacked her chest.

Kacha!

Long Yuyun retreated three steps and several of her ribs broke. Blood flowed from her nose and mouth, but she didn't lie down. Instead, she sat down and straightened her ribs in an attempt to heal her injuries.

Gu Chensha was also forced back by the recoil. He was shocked. His fist energy could split stone, but when he hit his opponent, he only broke her ribs. Was the Dao Realm really so strong?

"Kid, you actually have such strength. I didn't expect that."

Long Yuyun seemed to have lost the ability to fight. "If it weren't for the Spirit Extinguishing Powder in my body and the serious injuries I sustained along the way, leaving me with less than twenty percent of my strength, I could have killed you with a snap of my fingers."

"I already said that I have no ill intentions towards you. I just saw injustice and pulled out my sword to help. You are biting the hand that feeds you." Gu Chensha felt that this battle was too boring. He did not want to fight to the death with Long Yuyun.

"If I'm not mistaken, the martial art you displayed earlier was the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's Great Massacre Divine Art? Only such a godly skill can injure me above your level."

Long Yuyun said sternly, "Looks like I didn't guess wrong. You are a prince, and you didn't come to save me. What are you doing here in the middle of the night, in the middle of the snow, in the wilderness? Who would believe it if it wasn't premeditated?"

"Great Massacre Divine Art? What grade of martial art is that?"

Gu Chensha knew nothing about the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's martial arts. He only knew that this father of his dominated the world, single-handedly suppressing the experts of hundreds of countries. Who knew how many sects, cultivators, aristocratic clans, demons, and even deities were destroyed by him.

"I came to the mountains to temper myself. It's up to you whether you believe it or not. It was the sword light you shot out earlier that attracted my attention. I thought that a treasure had been unearthed."

Gu Chensha did not reveal his identity. Clearly, Long Yuyun was not a kind person, and he knew that revealing his identity would only bring more harm than good.

"I don't have any ulterior motives. Since I'm blind and met someone who bites the hand that feeds her, I guess it's my bad luck. You can recuperate on your own, I won't disturb you anymore. It's best if we never meet again."

As he finished speaking, he prepared to leave.

"Stop right there." Long Yuyun laughed coldly, "Are you thinking of finding someone to harm me? How can I let you leave so easily?"

"With your strength, can you stop me now?"

Gu Chensha also laughed coldly, "There was a farmer who saved a frozen snake in the snow and held it in his arms. After the snake woke up, it bit the farmer instead. I didn't expect that I would also save a snake today. The books say that women are the most vicious. Looks like it's not wrong at all."

"Sharp-tongued. Do you really think those trash can kill me?"

Long Yuyun adjusted her spiritual energy, and her tone returned to normal, as if she was not injured earlier. She was still as strong as before.

"I wanted to lure out the person behind them, so I used the Myriad Sword Talisman. As expected, you appeared. I command millions of soldiers and have the bloodline of the Dragon God. How can I be plotted against by a thief?"

"I have read the overseas geographical records of Dragon Sword Island. Although it is an island, it is still a vast land with a circumference of several tens of thousands of miles. It is equivalent to a country. The Long family has been in control of the island since a thousand years ago. Although they are the island master, they are actually the king."

Gu Chensha was familiar with the history books. Astronomy and geography, as well as local customs, were still fresh in his memory.

"It is rumored that the Long family has the bloodline of the Dragon God. When the people of the Long family enter the sea, it is as easy as walking on flat land. Even a three-year-old child can play in the deep sea and kill vicious sharks."

Long Yuyun took out a medicinal pill and swallowed it. "You have such knowledge. You are definitely not an ordinary person. Which prince are you?"

"Why are you so sure that I am a prince? Just because of my martial arts?" Gu Chensha felt that this woman's intelligence was not to be underestimated.

"Temperament. I have seen Gu Hengsha before. He has been taught and nurtured by the Great Yong Dynasty since young. Deep in his bones, he naturally has the temperament of a royal family. You have it too." Long Yuyun's tone was arrogant. "I have seen countless people, how could I be wrong? If not for that, do you think I would be talking so much nonsense with you?"

"For this woman to be able to step into Dao Realm, she is definitely a genius. Lou Baiyue herself is a genius, but she is also stuck at Grandmaster Realm, unable to step into Dao Realm. From this, one can see how talented Long Yuyun is."

Gu Chensha was shocked. He was a shrewd person, otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to live until now. He thought about it and said, "That's right, I am the Nineteenth Prince, Gu Chensha. However, I am not on the same side as Crown Prince Gu Hengsha, who attacked Dragon Sword Island."

"Nineteenth Prince, Gu Chensha?" Long Yuyun frowned. Suddenly, a bright light exploded in her eyes. "You are that foolish prince? You said that commoners can eat meat even if they don't have rice? Oh, I understand. You are purposely acting dumb to protect yourself. Your mother is the princess of Xian Dynasty, and now that she is dead, the entire dynasty is your enemy. If you didn't do that, you would have been dead for a long time."

"How do you know so much about the matters of the Imperial Court?"

Gu Chensha patted his head and came to a realization. "I misspoke. As the saying goes, know yourself and know your enemy. My Great Yong Dynasty conquers the outer seas and expands our territory. Dragon Sword Island is among them, so you must have sent people to find out about everything in the Imperial Court."

"It's great to talk to smart people."

After Long Yuyun found out about Gu Chensha's identity, she seemed to have relaxed. "It seems like my deduction was wrong. Your martial art isn't the Great Massacre Divine Art, but the ultimate technique of Xian Dynasty? Xian Dynasty's Grand Preceptor Wen Hong found you and contacted you secretly. Wen Hong's martial arts are world-shaking, otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to escape from the Imperial Court. You are cultivating his ultimate technique, Myriad Star Flying Celestial Technique?"

Long Yuyun was indeed knowledgeable about the matters of the world, the situation of the Imperial Court, and the experts' martial arts. She was confident.

"Do I have to rely on you to guess?"

Gu Chensha had purposely set up a diversion. This woman wasn't a kind person, and she had a deep feud with the Great Yong Dynasty. It was good for her to have some misgivings.

"Very good, very good!" Long Yuyun suddenly laughed. "It seems like we are friends and not enemies."

"What do you mean?"

A thought rose in Gu Chensha's mind. "Are you thinking of using me to influence the decisions of the Imperial Court, causing First Prince to have misgivings?"

"You are really smart."

Long Yuyun couldn't help but praise. "From what I know, you are living a miserable life, your martial arts are mediocre, and you have been humiliated. Now that I have met you, you are actually a dragon among men, with great ambitions. Although I don't think you have any accomplishments, you seem to have the aura of an emperor."

"Are you praising me or harming me?"

Gu Chensha sat at the entrance of the cave. "Don't think of using me. I seek to be free and unfettered, and I have no desire for power."

"Being free and unfettered is my greatest desire."

Long Yuyun laughed. "There was once a good man who lived ten lives, and had many good deeds. After his death, the God asked him what he wanted in his reincarnation, and he said that he didn't want much, as long as he didn't have to worry about food and clothing, to be free and unfettered, without worries, and to read books, write, and go sightseeing. The God said that even the gods couldn't fulfill this requirement, so you should reincarnate as an emperor."

"That's true, things in this world don't always go according to one's wishes. Without worries, even the gods can't be free and unfettered, let alone us mortals."

Gu Chensha reflected thoughtfully. "I've read in the history books that there was once a sect, and the leader was called Buddha. Rumor has it that he was the one who had gotten rid of worries, and he often preached to the gods, teaching them the way to get rid of worries. I didn't know there was such a magical person."

Gu Chensha and Long Yuyun chatted like friends.

"This Longjin Elixir is a healing elixir. It's a misunderstanding that you were injured by me." Long Yuyun threw the porcelain bottle to him.

Gu Chensha reached out to catch it, broke the wax seal, and poured out the elixir. It was blue like a crystal, and after the coolness seeped into the meridians of his body, it gave off a warm feeling.

He knew it was a good elixir, so he didn't refuse and swallowed it. Immediately, he felt as if he was walking on clouds. He secretly activated the Sun and Moon Refining technique to catalyze the elixir, and blue airflow spurted out of his body, circled outside his body for a while, and then shrank back into his body. After a while, he was full of energy, and his injuries were completely healed.

"He can actually refine the elixir in such a short time?"

Long Yuyun was also shocked. "This elixir is made from hundreds of medicines collected by my ancestor. He used his own True Energy to refine this elixir in the depths of the island's underground fire for decades. If an ordinary person ate it, they wouldn't be able to withstand the medicine, and naturally, they would explode and die. Even if a Martial Arts Grandmaster swallowed it, it would take several months to digest the elixir, and then slowly absorb it into his meridians. After that, he would have to cultivate for three to five years before he could completely refine it."

"And Grand Preceptor Wen Hong's Innumerable Stars Flying Immortal Art requires worshipping the stars, meditating on the stars, and using the power of the stars to resonate with one's acupoints. Thus, every move of his would be filled with unparalleled divine power. There would be some abnormalities when cultivating this art, but I didn't feel the slightest change in the power of the stars. This shows that this person didn't cultivate the Innumerable Stars Flying Immortal Art, nor did he cultivate the Great Spirit God Art of Xian Dynasty."

"And although this person is smart, he is quite forthright. I gave him the elixir, and he took it immediately, not afraid that it was poison."

"It really is a good medicine."

Gu Chensha opened his eyes, the energy in his body surging. His bones, flesh, and blood seemed to have been cleansed and calcined thousands of times, infused with a powerful life force. It was at least equivalent to several years of bitter training, or even ten years of cultivation.

"This is definitely not an ordinary healing medicine. I'm afraid that even for Dragon Sword Island this would be a treasure of the island, yet you gave it to me so casually?"

"I was just testing you. I thought that you would think it was poison and not dare to swallow it, so you returned it to me. I didn't expect you to really take it."

Long Yuyun sighed. "Truth be told, there aren't many Longjin Pills in my Dragon Sword Island. There are only nine left."

"Hahaha..." Gu Chensha laughed out loud. "Actually, I was also afraid that it was poison. However, I guessed that with your intelligence, you wouldn't give me poison to eat so openly. It was very likely that you were testing me, so I beat you at your own game."

"Looks like I've outsmarted myself. It's not without reason that you were able to survive in the palace until today." Long Yuyun laughed as well. 