Chapter 13
=========

History books recorded that when treasures emerged from the earth, brilliant light would streak across the vast sky.

Gu Chensha's spirit was stirred. He executed his movement technique and moved like a bird, shuttling and leaping through the forest. Very quickly, he advanced another fifty to sixty li and arrived at an even deeper part of the mountain.

"Why is there the smell of blood?"

A strong wind carried the dense scent of blood. Gu Chensha stopped. Not far away, there was a cave with torches swaying and shadows flickering. Corpses lay scattered on the ground. All were dressed in black, even their heads wrapped up. They had cat-like bodies and held shiny curved blades.

Clear patterns could be seen on the curved blades. This was special cold steel that had been forged and folded thousands of times. It could slice through people like tofu - the slightest movement would send heads rolling.

At least dozens of black-clothed men surrounded the valley. Even more dozens lay dead on the ground. Fresh blood dyed the snow in the cave red.

In the middle of the valley sat a woman. She wore a white fox fur coat, but her body was already stained with blood.

"Young Island Lord, you're at your wit's end. That strike just now consumed the last of your Myriad Sword Talisman. After killing so many of our experts, can you still move now?"

Several black-clothed leaders pressed forward, but they didn't dare approach. They feared this woman still had the ability to counterattack.

"You all betrayed me."

The fox fur coat woman's lips were pale, but her tone remained extremely dignified. "What benefits did that Gu Hengsha give you? You were willing to be insiders and betray my Dragon Sword Island. Aren't you afraid that the overseas islands will hunt you down after finding out?"

"Young Island Lord, you know the current situation. The Great Yong Dynasty is like the sun in the sky. The Great Emperor of Heavenly Talismans can slaughter gods. The overseas islands will fall into the imperial court's hands sooner or later. You're all resisting stubbornly, but only death awaits you."

The leader of the black-clothed men spoke while observing if this young island lord had truly lost her fighting ability. "You might as well sell yourself for a good price. My lord is the head of all princes and has an illustrious reputation. He commands an army of millions and is a good master. I think Young Island Lord shouldn't be so stubborn. Obediently return with us and become his twentieth concubine."

"So it's someone from the overseas islands? And it's related to First Brother Gu Hengsha." Gu Chensha heard clearly and thought to himself.

Crown Prince Gu Hengsha was a heaven-shaking, earth-shattering character in the royal clan. As the leader of all princes, his martial arts were unfathomably deep and he had long broken through to the Dao Realm. In fact, he even played a crucial role in the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's fight for the throne. Right now, he had lofty status and authority. He spent most of his time guarding the coastal regions, going out to sea to conquer various empires and immortal and demonic sects.

It was unknown how many sects the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty had annihilated. Many surviving members had escaped to the seas, waiting for opportunities to make a comeback. The imperial court placed great importance on coastal defense. The reason they built a canal connecting to the sea was to facilitate transporting war resources from the mainland to the sea.

Because of this, First Prince Gu Hengsha was the most powerful of all princes. Even Seventh Prince Gu Fasha was no match for him. Of course, this was only in terms of influence, not actual cultivation. In terms of cultivation level, Seventh Prince was probably higher.

"This is the person First Prince wants. Should I save her?"

Gu Chensha pondered. "Back then, I remember when my mother committed suicide, First Prince's mother immediately sent her eunuchs to take away the ring my mother left behind. Back then, I didn't know the importance of that ring. It was only later that I found out it was called the 'Giant Spirit Ring.' It was forged from the finger bone left behind by the Great Spirit God in the mortal world. Anyone who wore it would be cleansed by the ring's power. Their physique would change and they would gradually become extremely strong, capable of tearing apart ferocious beasts. I will settle this debt sooner or later. Now, I'm just collecting some interest."

"Also, this group is surrounding a girl. It would be immoral if I didn't save her. Since I met her, there's no reason to ignore her."

The black-robed men in front of him were all highly skilled. Gu Chensha didn't let his guard down. He covered his face with cloth and advanced silently.

"Who is it?!"

Just as he was about to get close, the leader of the black-robed men suddenly roared and looked in his direction.

Gu Chensha shuddered. He felt as if he was being stared at by a poisonous snake. It was extremely uncomfortable.

"Grandmaster!" Only a Grandmaster would have the sensitivity to lock onto him. He immediately activated his movement technique and dashed into the crowd.

Bam bam bam!

Several black-robed men blocking his way were sent flying. They fell into the snow and fainted. He didn't kill them. Instead, he used the Giant Spirit Palm Technique from the Great Spirit God Art to restrain his breath. He was only trying to save someone. There was no need to kill.

He had already mastered the Great Spirit God technique. Although he hadn't used it in actual combat and was still a little rusty, it was extremely powerful when he used it with his strength.

"Waterfall Slash!" 

The snow-white glow of the blade sliced through the sky. It carried the aura of breaking a waterfall.

The leader of the black-robed men leaped over. His movement technique was graceful and fluid. However, the aura of his blade was filled with bloodthirst.

"Impressive!"

Gu Chensha was bare-handed and didn't dare use his body to block a sharp blade, especially a blade from a Grandmaster.

When one reached the Grandmaster Realm, they could pick leaves and flowers and use grass and wood as swords to pierce through armor. Only those who cultivated to the third transformation of the Dao Realm - Copper Skin Iron Bones - could casually allow a Grandmaster to slash their bodies.

He slid forward and used the Sun and Moon Training Technique. It was like the light of the sun and moon piercing through cracks. He was actually able to drill through the small openings of the blade.

When the girl saw this, she had a weird expression on her face, as if she had never seen such a magical technique before.

Using this technique, Gu Chensha was in front of the girl in an instant. He grabbed her shoulder without making a sound. He jumped up once more and charged out of the encirclement.

"Chase!"

The leader of the black-robed men shouted angrily and chased after them. However, they couldn't catch up. After an hour, they had completely disappeared.

---

Gu Chensha grabbed the girl and ran through the forest for a long time. While shaking off the pursuers, he found that the girl's aura was very deep, which was rare. Her cultivation level was much higher than his, but she was injured. Her face was green as if she had been poisoned.

He wandered around for a long time and finally found a hidden cave. He immediately put the girl down and let her rest. He went outside to pick up some firewood to start a fire.

But when he came back with the firewood, he saw red light illuminating the cave, making it as warm as spring. The girl took out a bead to warm herself. It was warm and masculine, making people feel lazy.

"Fire bead." Gu Chensha threw the firewood on the ground. "So you have this treasure. That will save me a lot of trouble."

Fire beads were very valuable. Even in the Great Yong Dynasty, only aristocratic families had them. Each one was worth tens of thousands of dollars, and even if you had money, you might not be able to buy one. This thing was produced by the Heaven Palace Sect. It was made of rare gems with mysterious spells inscribed on it. When used, it could be activated by rubbing it with one's palm.

There was no need for firewood. As long as it was soaked in water, the red light would be extinguished immediately.

"Who are you? Why did you save me?" The girl saw Gu Chensha walking in.

"I just saw injustice. Are you the young miss of Dragon Sword Island?" Gu Chensha had heard the black-robed men's conversation and knew the girl's identity.

"I've been poisoned. Can you help me up? I'll use the Good Luck Technique to force the poison out." The girl couldn't move. Gu Chensha nodded and walked in front of her. He reached out his hand.

Suddenly, the girl flipped her hand. Like a giant whale coming out of the water, waves of air billowed. The power of her palm had the sound of roaring tides, enveloping Gu Chensha from all directions.

Gu Chensha had never expected that the girl he'd saved would attack him. Fortunately, he'd been cultivating the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art for half a year, and his spirituality was extraordinary. He could sense approaching danger. In a hurry, he roared angrily. His left hand held the sun, his right hand held the moon. Yin and Yang changed. Day and night rotated. He took on the woman's violent attack like a raging whale.

In the blink of an eye, the two had already exchanged dozens of palms. The power of their palms shook rocks in the cave until they fell. The cave felt like it would collapse at any moment.

The pressure on Gu Chensha increased. Every time he exchanged a palm, he felt like the opponent's palm power was like a raging sea. It was endless, and he couldn't breathe. He could be killed at any moment.

"This girl is not a martial arts master, nor is she in the ordinary realm. She must have stepped into the Dao Realm!"

After taking thirty palms, Gu Chensha finally couldn't take it anymore. He was sent flying, his organs damaged. Blood spurted from his mouth.

"It's rare for a martial arts master to cultivate to such a realm. You can actually take thirty palms from my Raging Whale Frenzy Palm."

The girl stood up and spat out black blood. The poison on her face dissipated a little. She'd actually used her palms against Gu Chensha to force out a lot of the poison in her body.

"I saved you, so why did you still want to kill me?!"

Gu Chensha knew things weren't good. Even though he was injured, he didn't panic. He rolled to the entrance of the cave and secretly adjusted his breathing, trying to recover from his injuries. He was sure this girl was a Dao Realm expert.

Even if he cultivated the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art, he hadn't cultivated it for long. His level was suppressed by his opponent.

"I, Long Yuyun, will never trust anyone."

The girl's face turned cold. "Your martial arts are extremely profound, and you have boundless strength. However, your combat experience is poor. There's no killing intent on you, which means you've never taken a life. You must be a rich and powerful disciple who has been nurtured with good resources."

"This place is close to the capital, and I can't even guess the grade of your cultivation art. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor collected all the books in the world and plundered the martial arts of immortals, demons, and gods. Only the royal family would have such a cultivation art. All the signs point to you being surnamed Gu, a member of the royal family, or even a prince."

"My Dragon Sword Island and the royal family of Great Yong have a deep grudge. Do you think I should spare you?"

"This girl can actually analyze so accurately with such little information. How terrifying. Or is it because I have too little combat experience that I'm full of flaws?"

Gu Chensha thought quickly, reviewing his gains and losses. He wasn't flustered. Although he'd played the fool in the royal palace for many years, he hadn't experienced killing or war. He didn't have much life experience. On the other hand, this Long Yuyun in front of him was an expert who had experienced countless battles. It was laughable that he had tried to save her.

Seeing that Gu Chensha was about to escape at the entrance of the cave, Long Yuyun didn't intend to chase after him. Instead, she took a deep breath. An indescribable energy in the air quickly condensed into faint green mist, entering the major acupoints of her body. Her complexion became redder and redder.

"This is Absorption of Qi."

Absorption of Qi was to sense the spiritual energy in the air and absorb it into one's body. It was completely otherworldly.

Spiritual energy was the most profound force. It could transform the body, shape the soul, temper the primordial spirit, condense the will, comprehend the great dao, and many other things.

Now, Long Yuyun was rapidly absorbing the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to cleanse the poison in her body.

"I can't let her recover. Otherwise, I won't be able to escape." 