Chapter 16
=========

When Gu Chensha returned from the mountains, it was still snowing heavily. The mountains and rivers were all spotlessly white. At this time of year, even the royal palaces were on holiday. The officials and servants were all sitting around fireplaces. Gu Chensha didn't encounter any obstacles on his way back from the mountains. He shut himself in his small room and meditated on his martial arts. At the same time, he sent Little Yizi out to contact Long Yuyun's people.

Little Yizi followed orders and went out. He sat alone in the room and listened to the sound of the snow and his own breathing. He felt like the world had quieted down and he entered a mysterious realm once more.

As he breathed, he could feel strands of energy spinning within his body, flowing through his acupoints.

He used the Sun and Moon Refining technique to train his body and observe his meridians. He realized that there were many areas in his meridians where strong medicinal powers had yet to be dissolved.

"So, the power I obtained from the sacrifice and the Longjin Pill is actually left in my meridians. If not for the Sun and Moon Refining technique, the power would have dissipated."

Gu Chensha took in a deep breath and circulated his meridians, gathering the medicinal powers in his dantian and stomach. Gradually, his lower abdomen became slightly plump, as if he was growing fat.

Who knew how long passed? He opened his eyes and felt that his stomach was as hard as iron. He lifted his shirt and saw dense scales growing on it.

"Sun and Moon Dragon Scales!"

Gu Chensha was delighted. "As expected, the Sun and Moon Refining technique is really amazing. When one cultivates it to a high level, one can turn excess energy into Sun and Moon Dragon Scales. Even if one is in danger, one can use the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales to provide for one's needs."

Bears would eat and drink in autumn and turn the nutrients in their bodies into fat. They would then hibernate and use the fat to provide energy without eating or drinking for the entire winter.

The Sun and Moon Refining technique stored the excess life energy in one's body and turned it into Sun and Moon Dragon Scales that were much better than fat. Each Sun and Moon Dragon Scale could last for a month.

Gu Chensha had dozens of Sun and Moon Dragon Scales in his stomach, which meant that he could not eat or drink for a few years and still be able to talk and laugh freely.

Moreover, the defense of these Sun and Moon Dragon Scales was really high and could block blades, axes, and even internal strength. If they covered his body, he would be comparable to someone at the third transformation of the Dao Realm, the Copper Skin Iron Bones.

Of course, if he covered his entire body with Sun and Moon Dragon Scales, he wouldn't look like a human. In the Primordial Era, this wasn't much. Many emperors had dragon heads, human bodies, and dragon forms. Some even had three heads and six arms. However, it wasn't possible now.

Therefore, the most Gu Chensha could do was to refine the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales on his lower abdomen and some other important acupoints that weren't exposed.

His current martial arts had already reached the limit. No matter how many pills he consumed or how many ferocious beasts he sacrificed, the impurities would still accumulate in his meridians. Instead, it would obstruct his meridians and eventually lead to illness, which would become a disaster. He would store the excess energy as the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales. This way, he would be free from the mundane world and avoid absorbing too many impurities, which would be the best.

After transforming the excess medicinal power and nutrients in his meridians into the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales, he felt extremely comfortable. His power had increased by another level.

"It's a pity that my body is enough, but my spirit is still far from it. It seems like I really have to go to the battlefield and fight to the death. I have to wander between life and death to comprehend." Gu Chensha knew his weakness. It was that he didn't have enough actual combat experience, especially when it came to life and death battles.

He heard footsteps and pushed open the door. He saw that Little Yizi had just entered.

When Little Yizi walked, his footsteps were erratic. It was as if he was dancing on a lotus leaf. He was graceful and beautiful, like smoke and willow. It was obvious that he had learned some unique skills.

"Master, I've already gotten in touch with that Long Yuyun you mentioned. She's already prepared a manor for you by the canal outside the city, and she's even raised a group of experts for you to use. She's stationed herself there, and she's been gathering intelligence. In addition, she has also taught me a set of martial arts, the Shaoyin Frost Technique. She said that it is the most suitable for me to learn."

"Why don't you try practicing it?"

"Master, wait for me to give you the things first. Long Yuyun said that the things you want are in here." Little Yizi took out a bag.

Gu Chensha grabbed it and opened it. It was a bright yellow imperial edict. The thick Emperor's energy circulated within. Others couldn't feel it, but for someone like him who cultivated the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art, it had a heavy impact. This was issued by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, so it was even more effective.

"Wonderful."

Gu Chensha grabbed the imperial edict and walked into the house. "Little Yizi, watch outside. Don't let anyone in."

"Got it!"

---

Inside the house, Gu Chensha took out the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman and burned it. He dripped his blood on it, using the Emperor's energy in the edict as a sacrifice to the heavens.

Buzz...

The whole house was shining. This time, the light in his mind was even more intense. Countless profound thoughts and martial arts theories came one after another. The vast will penetrated his heart.

"Sun and Moon Shine Together, Sun and Moon Change. The changes of the sun and moon are not contained within. The changes of yin and yang are not contained within..." 

The second style was Sun and Moon Change.

There were ten styles of Sun and Moon Shine Together. Gu Chensha was familiar with the Sun and Moon Refining. The first style was Spirit Refining. The second style, Sun and Moon Change, was to harmonize with the sun and moon. Energy, blood, acupoints, and meridians followed the path of the sun and moon. From there, one's soul and spirit would be like the radiance of the sun and moon. Thousands of martial arts could be derived and endless changes could be simulated. The Sun and Moon Change was included within.

Especially this style, it could hide one's cultivation. It could change into many levels and simulate all the martial arts in the world for one's own use. The soul as the moon, the spirit as the sun. The soul and spirit as one, the sun and moon would be bright, illuminating the world. How great would it be if one's own radiance was the same as the sun and moon? Without the sun and moon, how could there be thousands of martial arts?

"Good!"

After a long time, Gu Chensha opened his eyes and an ecstatic expression appeared on his face. "This style, Sun and Moon Change, hides one's aura. As long as it is mastered, no one will be able to detect one's own aura. Other than that, it also has the functions of nurturing, concealing, transforming, and changing aura. I can use this to simulate the Giant Spirit Force. Its power will be even greater and no one will be able to detect it."

He used the Sun and Moon Change. As expected, the aura on his body flickered and became dark and gloomy.

"The heavens are helping me! The heavens are helping me!"

Gu Chensha smiled. "My martial arts are already at the peak of the Grandmaster level. However, I can't use it or people will find out about my flaws. But now, I can use the Sun and Moon Change to simulate the Giant Spirit Bloodline. I can also be extremely powerful. This way, I can announce to the public that I am the first person to activate the Giant Spirit Bloodline in a hundred years. This will be of great value to the Imperial Court."

He closed his eyes and began to think. He used the Sun and Moon Change in his body according to the cultivation method of the Giant Spirit Force. Suddenly, a great power appeared in his limbs and bones.

"When the Giant Spirit Bloodline is first condensed, the limbs and bones will be extremely powerful. When the organs are activated, the breath will be like thunder and the force will be like a huge wave..." This was recorded in the Great Spirit God Technique.

Now that Gu Chensha used the Sun and Moon Change to simulate it, it was simply flawless. It was difficult to tell the real from the fake.

The Great Spirit God Technique was an ancient technique. Once the Giant Spirit Bloodline was activated, its power was boundless and far surpassed any other martial arts. However, the grade of the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art was far higher than the Great Spirit God Technique. When it simulated the Great Spirit God Technique, not only was it impossible to tell the real from the fake, it was also much more powerful than the original Giant Spirit Bloodline.

"Congratulations on advancing to the next level."

Seeing Gu Chensha come out of the room, Little Yizi was shocked. "Master, you've only been here for a short while, yet you've already learned a divine technique. I feel like your aura is like an abyss, and I can't see how deep it is."

"That's a great comprehension," Gu Chensha said. "That's right, did Long Yuyun find out anything about Lou Baiyue? Even though this woman is close to me under His Majesty's orders, she looks down on me and even has intentions of harming me. Before I reach the Dao Realm, I have to be on guard against her schemes. It's best to know both myself and the enemy."

"This is the recorded information. Please have a look, master."

Little Yizi took out something that looked like an account book. After opening it, there were densely packed records of the recent activities of the major families' mansions in the capital, such as which family went to which family and who they hosted banquets for.

"Dragon Sword Island is like a centipede that dies but doesn't fall down. They actually have such a huge power in the capital?"

Gu Chensha was shocked. When he flipped to the information about Lou Baiyue, there was only one: "Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha invited Lou Baiyue to his mansion for a gathering. Lou Baiyue rejected him with the reason that she was in seclusion."

"Lou Baiyue sure knows how to avoid arousing suspicion. Father allowed her to get close to me, and she immediately distanced herself from Tenth Prince." Gu Chensha was very clear about those schemes.

"Then what do we do now?"

Little Yizi rolled his eyes. "I don't think the progress of my martial arts can be hidden from the eyes and ears of the princes in the capital. In the past, I didn't have the strength, so they wouldn't purposely target me. But now that my cultivation is so high, I'm afraid..."

"I've already prepared for this. None of those princes and ministers are kind people. They must have known that I've been training hard in martial arts for a long time, so they would definitely plot against me. That's why I thought of a way to leave the capital and go to the border to fight with the demons and barbarians. As long as I have enough time, I'll be able to grow."

Gu Chensha suddenly waved his fist. There was no sound of wind, but the air seemed to have been cut open like butter. Then, there was a muffled bang, and the air closed again, like a dam that had cut off the flow of water. When Little Yizi saw this fist, he was so upset that he almost vomited blood.

"The power of my fist is actually so magical?"

Gu Chensha himself was shocked. This was a fist that was made with the power of the Sun and Moon Change. Even a normal fist technique could turn something rotten into something magical. How powerful would a profound martial art be?

"Yes, someone is coming."

He still wanted to give pointers to Little Yizi's fist technique. His ears twitched slightly, and there was a sound coming from afar.

Creak, creak... Not long after, a few eunuchs stepped on the snow and arrived at the entrance of the courtyard. The eunuch in the lead shouted, "There's a decree. Nineteenth Prince, receive the decree."

"Your son receives the decree."

Gu Chensha was taken aback, and hurriedly prostrated himself on the snowy ground in the courtyard. Little Yizi knelt by the side of the corridor.

The eunuch stood to the south, "Today, there will be a snow hunt. All the princes are to gather at the hunting grounds of Nanshan. His Majesty wants to test your martial arts skills." The eunuch was reading out the decree of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

"Your son receives the decree."

Gu Chensha received the scroll and stood up. "I'll make the preparations. Little Yizi, take the money and buy some wine for your father-in-law."

"Sure." Little Yizi took out a piece of paper and handed it over.

The eunuch wanted to decline, but when he realized that it was a hundred dollar bill, he was surprised and overjoyed. He gripped it tightly in his hands. 