Chapter 45
=========

At the Xian Province Imperial Envoy Station, Lou Baiyue heard the news and immediately stood up. This station was built majestically. It was originally a side hall of the Xian Dynasty Palace.

This was also where Xian Dynasty's capital city was located. Even though it had experienced the flames of war more than ten years ago and corpses were everywhere, it was still flourishing like a brocade. Because of the canal, the commerce here was ten times more prosperous than when Xian Dynasty was at its peak.

The entire Xian Province bordered the Wilderness. Aside from the barbarians, there were also countless rare treasures in the Wilderness. Many adventurers went to the Wilderness to obtain treasures and came here to trade. If they were lucky and made a deal, they could live a wealthy life for the rest of their lives.

"Yes, the corpses are now in the governor's manor. His Highness is also investigating," Yu Xiang reported.

"Where is Gu Chensha?" Lou Baiyue asked as she stood up.

"He is still in Ba Nan Province, but not in the provincial capital. He is in a small town not far from Tao County. There are many people living there, so he can't retreat. He is staying there to defend against the barbarians and evil sect members," Yu Xiang had gathered all the information.

"This guy is compassionate. He dares to put himself in danger. The poor people in the town can't escape and can only choose to defend. But how long can they last?" Lou Baiyue shook her head as she walked. "Have you found out that he is close to the Xian Dynasty's remnants?"

"No, we have spies in the Xian Dynasty's remnants. The news we received was that Chen Jianfeng personally went to find the Nineteenth Prince, but there was no further news. There is not much else because it is difficult for us spies to get close to the core of the Xian Dynasty's remnants," Yu Xiang followed behind and told her all the important information.

After walking for the time it took for an incense to burn, Lou Baiyue arrived at the governor's mansion. As soon as he entered, he heard a mocking voice, "Tenth Brother, you brought a thousand men with you and even asked for the Imperial Court's Horned Dragon Armor and Fire Talisman Spear. You've even cultivated to the Dao Realm. You've been here for a few days and you haven't done anything. Nineteenth Brother has already killed the Black Demon Bat and Yin Yang Scholar."

"Damn it! Third Prince, are you trying to anger me on purpose?" Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's roar shook the palace. "In that case, I will do something earth-shattering for you."

"Old Ten is here too? What are you arguing about?" Lou Baiyue walked in and saw Yin-Yang Scholar's corpse lying on the wooden board.

When the Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, saw Lou Baiyue entering, he instantly quietened down. His eyes were filled with a heavy expression. He already knew that Lou Baiyue had the token of 'As if His Majesty Himself Is Present'. Taking it out was equivalent to the words of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. No matter how arrogant he was, he could only kneel and obey. He didn't understand why the Heavenly Talisman Emperor trusted Lou Baiyue so much.

Of course, he also knew that Lou Baiyue was truly loyal to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor doted on her even more than the princes.

"Baiyue, take a look. This is Yin Yang Scholar, Dao Realm Transformation Two. He was actually killed by Old Nineteen," Third Prince Gu Fansha smiled. "The corpse will be sent back to the capital. You can take a look."

"It is indeed Yin Yang Scholar. This Yin Yang Technique is also authentic. This demon is at least ninety years old. He is actually still so young and relies on this technique to maintain his life." Lou Baiyue checked it carefully and confirmed. "I will write a secret report to His Majesty. All of you have to report it as it is."

"Of course, I don't dare to lie to His Majesty." Third Prince Gu Fansha retracted his smile. "Black Demon Bat, Yin Yang Scholar, these old demons are really strong and they cause trouble everywhere. Normal provincial governors can't block them and are about to be assassinated. Now that two of them are dead, it saves me a lot of trouble. Old Ten, according to my intelligence, there are still a few old demons in the three counties, such as the Hundred Poisons Daoist and the Blood Soul Sect Master. I'll leave these two to you. Their cultivation is only at the One or Two Transformations. With your cultivation, you can definitely kill them. I know that you have cultivated a special technique."

Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's gaze turned sharp and he laughed coldly. "As expected, after news of me reaching Dao Realm spread out, the four of them started to pay attention to me. Unfortunately, I have the Witch Path behind me and I cultivate the Ancestor Witch Scripture. Even if I only comprehend a tiny bit of it, I am far from what all of you can compare to."

"Tenth Brother, I know you want to be crowned king," Lou Baiyue said casually. "But this is your chance to prove yourself. Furthermore, His Majesty's campaign is a test for all of the princes. Whoever contributes the most will be rewarded with a Nine Reincarnation Immortal Pill. From the looks of it, Nineteenth Brother has contributed the most."

"So what if I killed two old demons?" Gu Zhensha turned around and left. "I will take Barbarian Race Messenger Kukata's head. I know that the reason why the three counties are in such a mess is because of him. He has reached the seventh transformation of Dao Realm and is able to leave the ground and fly into the sky. This is why Third Brother is so worried."

Looking at Gu Zhensha's back view, Third Prince Gu Fansha said to Lou Baiyue, "Old Ten looks crude but he is actually really cunning. We can't underestimate him."

Lou Baiyue frowned. "Tenth Brother has indeed cultivated a mystical art. From him, I can feel natural selection, survival of the fittest, and the law of the jungle. There is no etiquette, no benevolence, and no morality. It's the aura of the primitive and ancient times. That is the lost Dao."

"The past is the past. The era doesn't belong to him," Third Prince Gu Fansha's words were filled with deep meaning.

---

Within the town.

Sword shadows flew about. Gu Chensha fought one against five but he was still able to do so with ease. He used a normal sword to fight against five ancient swords that could slice through metal like mud.

"Five Seasons Flowers Bloom, Long Summer Season." Suddenly, the five of them used their combined sword energy. It was really eye-catching, like there was a spring rain, summer thunder, scorching sun, autumn frost, winter snow, and ice.

The ancient Five Seasons Dao attacked. The sword formation was really sharp and the area around was filled with cracks caused by the swords slicing through the air.

The sword in Gu Chensha's hand disappeared and then appeared once more. It brought with it a majestic aura and struck in the air.

This strike seemed to be filled with all sorts of changes. It was like it was high up in the sky, adjusting the weather and making things right. The sword technique had reached the end of the sky, the end of space, and the end of one's thoughts.

Dang dang dang dang dang!

Five sounds rang out and the five swords all fell to the ground.

"Nineteenth Highness is really skilled. He used a normal sword to break our Five Seasons Sword Formation," Liu Yu picked up the sword from the ground and thought back to the battle.

Gu Chensha walked out of the Peach County God Temple and returned to the town to think of a way to protect the ten thousand civilians. At the same time, he raised the skills of the five of them.

That was the only thing he could do at the moment. It would be good if he could improve his skills by staying here. The five of them were Liu Yu, Mo Chao, Jia Liang, Qian Zhen, and Zhou Bu.

Gu Chensha killed the Yin-Yang Scholar and took the money and elixirs from the treasury. It was a huge blow to the barbarians' morale. The key was that the barbarians did not know how they died and would definitely investigate. They were anxious and would not attack for a while. Gu Chensha could use this time to think of a way to resolve the situation.

The five of them had a fortuitous encounter and would probably have some luck in the future. If they were discovered by other rich and noble families, they would try their best to recruit them. Gu Chensha naturally put in more effort.

"After taking the Heavenly Dew, you have cleared your meridians and cultivated your vitality. It is equivalent to ten years of hard work. You will be able to step into the realm of martial arts masters in the future. However, the strange thing is that there are no impurities in your bodies. They are as pure as jade. What is going on?" Gu Chensha found many strange things about the five of them.

"When the five of us came across the Five Seasons Sword Technique during our exploration, we were cleansed by the strange power left behind by the inheritor. Moreover, our five ancient swords also have the ability to absorb the impurities in our bodies and breathe in and out spiritual energy." Liu Yu did not hide anything. "The inheritor said that if we cultivate to an extremely high realm, these five ancient swords can even merge with our bodies and become immortal flying swords."

"Is that so?" Gu Chensha frowned. "Can I take a look?"

"Nineteenth Master, please take a look," Liu Yu passed the sword over.

The moment Gu Chensha held the sword, he felt a weak airflow from the sword seeping into his pores. It circulated up and down before flowing into the body of the sword. The two of them formed a subtle cycle. The person nurtured the sword, and the sword nurtured the person.

"At a glance, this sword has an ancient style and is unusually sharp. There is nothing special about it, but after holding it, I feel that it is different. There seems to be talismans surging in the body of the sword. It can absorb a person's vitality and give it back to them. Both sides can benefit from it."

"How magical!" Gu Chensha observed it for a while and returned the sword to Liu Yu. "Do you feel that the sword is becoming more and more agile recently?"

"Nineteenth Master, how did you know?" Liu Yu was very surprised.

"That's right. You have consumed the Heavenly Dew recently, so the vitality in your body is rich. When you practice, the vitality will be channeled into the sword, nourishing the sword. At the same time, the sword will also channel sword energy into your body, nourishing each other. It is like a man playing with a beautiful jade. The man will nourish the jade, and the jade will nourish the man. This sword is really magical. It can strengthen one's physical strength. Ordinary people would be tired after practicing for a few hours and would need to rest. However, if you use this sword to practice, you won't feel tired even if you practice for a few days and nights. Instead, you will become more and more energetic. Of course, you will have enough spiritual medicine."

Gu Chensha thought for a while. "It seems that you will have great achievements in the future. If that is the case, I will help you. From today onwards, increase the intensity of your sword practice. I will give each of you three drops of Heavenly Dew."

Three drops of Heavenly Dew could allow a Martial Dao master to practice martial arts every day without eating or drinking for a year.

"Thank you, Nineteenth Master!" The five of them knelt down again. They were very smart and knew what this meant. If one drop of Heavenly Dew was converted into money, it would probably be worth more than the entire town.

"Remember, the more vitality you have, the sharper the sword will be. All five of your swords are Divine Weapons, so they need to be nourished by human vitality. In the future, the power of your swords will probably be even greater," Gu Chensha warned them seriously. He took out the Heavenly Dew and poured three drops for each of them.

"You actually have Heavenly Dew." A woman's voice was heard, and another person appeared in the courtyard. Liu Yu and the others were shocked and raised their swords to defend themselves. 