Chapter 38
=========

A maidservant reported to Lou Baiyue.

"I have my own plans. Gu Chensha and the small Ba Nan Province will definitely die a horrible death if they fight against the evil cults in the three counties. But don't forget that he is of the royal bloodline of the Xian Dynasty. He has also activated the bloodline of the Great Spirit God. To the evil remnants of the Xian Dynasty, he is a precious seed. Only when he is in danger will the experts of the evil remnants of the Xian Dynasty appear to save him."

Lou Baiyue said confidently. "If that Grand Preceptor Wen Hong appears, we can use him to kill the Oracle of the Barbarian Race."

"If Grand Preceptor Wen Hong appears, I'm afraid the Princess will also be in danger." This maidservant knew a lot of secrets and was a true confidant. Her martial arts were actually at the Grandmaster Realm. Her eyes were like lightning, and there was a faint green aura around her face. Her five fingers were like ivory and had a soft luster, but they contained a terrifying killing power. "I heard that Wen Hong has long mastered the Myriad Stars Flying Celestial Art. I'm afraid he has already cultivated the Undying Body! Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to escape from His Majesty. If not for him, the Xian Dynasty would have long been destroyed."

"He is no match for His Majesty. There is no need to worry." Lou Baiyue looked at the sky. "His Majesty's cultivation has long surpassed the thirty-six Transformations. The evil gods are just struggling bitterly."

The maidservant didn't say anything and just remained silent.

"Miaoxiang, you, Yuxiang, Diexiang, Lanxiang, Yunxiang, Xixiang, Luoxiang, Xuexiang, Meixiang, and Sixiang are my true confidantes. You are also the people that I have truly cultivated. In the future, you can't marry anyone and can only follow me. Do you regret it?" Lou Baiyue suddenly asked.

"This is the good fortune that I have cultivated for god knows how many lives." Miaoxiang hurriedly knelt down. "I can follow the Princess and cultivate Dao. In the future, I will be free and unfettered. I will be a dragon among men and have control over power. I will never grow old, and there is even hope for immortality. How can a mere love between a man and a woman compare to that?"

"It's good that you have such thoughts." Lou Baiyue stood up and said. "The ten of you have cultivated the Ten Extremities Desolation Dao. Each of you have mastered one extremity, and when you combine them, your power will increase by a thousand times. This art was passed down to me by His Majesty. It is said that in the ancient times of the Land of Infinity, there were ten emperors, and each of them had mastered the extremity of the heavens. If the ten emperors could combine, they would be able to change certain rules. Of course, that is just a rumor. But if the ten of you work together, you can definitely kill a Dao Realm Transformation One expert. You must work hard and don't slack off at all."

"Yes!"

At this time, another maidservant came in. It was Yu Xiang.

She held the report in her hand and knelt down to present it with both hands. "Your Highness, something big has happened. The Nineteenth Prince was assassinated by the Black Demon Bat in Ba Nan Province. After that, he killed the Black Demon Bat. The corpse and the Devil Scripture on it have been transported here. After many tests, there are no mistakes."

"Is that so?" Lou Baiyue took the report and read it carefully. She didn't want to miss a single word. After a while, she put it down and smiled. "This is really interesting. The Black Demon Bat has been roaming the land for fifty to sixty years and has committed many evil deeds. To think that he would actually kill it in such a mysterious way."

"Are the remnants of the Xian Dynasty helping him?" Yu Xiang tried to probe.

"No, if the remnants of the Xian Dynasty do anything, I will have information on my side. It seems like other experts are helping him. This means that he has recruited other experts. Maybe they are supporting him and he wants to make use of the Nineteenth Prince's power to get some benefits. Go and investigate!" Lou Baiyue ordered.

"Where should we start?" Miao Xiang asked.

"Start from his residence in the capital city. I heard that there have been many Martial Warriors, Martial Masters, and even Grandmasters seeking refuge in his residence. That Little Yizi's martial arts have also improved tremendously. Who are those people?" Lou Baiyue started to plan.

"I have investigated this matter before. However, the Nineteenth Prince's residence is very organized, and many spies have been found. I have tried to bribe the Martial Warriors in the residence, but they are all quiet and simple. Apart from eating, drinking, and practicing martial arts, they don't have any emotions. It's like they have been trained since they were young," Miao Xiang reported.

"It seems like he has the support of at least a few hundred years of history. To train these kinds of Martial Warriors is not something that can be done in a day. They have at least a few hundred years of history." A smile appeared on Lou Baiyue's face. "This is getting more and more interesting."

"I have something to report."

"Speak!"

"The Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, succeeded in breaking through to the Dao Realm two days ago. His strength has increased tremendously. He wrote a letter to the imperial court saying that he is willing to come to Xian Prefecture to gain merits and gain the title of Duke. His Majesty has agreed and he is on his way. However, he is not an Imperial Envoy. He is only assisting the Third Prince, Prince Fan."

"Oh? He actually broke through? So fast? This is out of my expectations. When there are many things happening in the world, dragons and snakes will come out of the water. The muddy waters of Xian Prefecture also contain opportunities. We have to grasp them well."

Lou Baiyue flicked her finger and a jade bottle flew out from her sleeve. It landed in Miao Xiang's hand. "There are ten drops of Heavenly Dew in this bottle, one for each of you. Cultivate well. When all ten of you reach the Dao Realm, you can go search for the Ten Emperors' treasure. If you are fated to obtain it, you will reach the heavens in a single step."

"Thank you, Princess." The two girls knelt and kowtowed.

---

Capital, Imperial Palace, Upper Study.

Eight ministers were handling government affairs. Memorials from various provinces were sent in like flowing water. The ministers of the Upper Study could make decisions on small matters, but when it came to big matters, such as the appointment and dismissal of officials, the execution of executions, the mobilization of troops, rewards for meritorious officials, disaster relief, repairing roads and rivers, and the overseas countries, they had to be written down and reported to His Majesty.

Apart from these eight ministers, there were also two princes who assisted in the government affairs. This was a great honor, and it represented His Majesty's trust in his sons.

One of them was naturally the Seventh Prince, Gu Fasha, and the other was the Fourth Prince, Gu Huasha.

The Seventh Prince was the Empress' son and his cultivation was the highest. Although he wasn't the Crown Prince, he had the power.

Although the Fourth Prince didn't care about fame and fortune and didn't care about anything, he had reached the Dao Realm long ago and was promoted to the Upper Study by the Heaven Talisman Emperor. However, he didn't speak much and just quietly did some unimportant things.

Now, he was just copying and writing. It seemed like he didn't stop, but in truth, he was killing time. He had always been like that and the other ministers didn't care about him.

"Duke Yuan, take a look at this document. It came from Xianzhou Ba Nan Province. The Nineteenth Highness, Duke Chen, personally killed the old demon, Black Bat. After the corpse and demonic scripture were examined, it was sent three thousand miles to the capital. The experts from the Celestial Craft Institute went over to check it. It was the corpse of a Nine Bulls and Two Tigers Dao Realm expert. There is also the autopsy report here."

A minister placed the document down.

This minister had white hair and a gentle face. He gave off a scholarly aura and one didn't need to look to know that he was a scholar who had studied for his entire life. His words and actions were followed by rules and etiquette.

"Teacher Zhu, thank you." Although Lou Chongxiao was shocked, he maintained his composure. The minister in front of him was called Zhu Sha and he was a Confucian. He was his teacher and had many disciples in the Dynasty. He was respected by a few princes and didn't dare to be rude in front of him.

He carefully took a look and then passed it to the other ministers. After everyone looked at it, they passed it to Gu Fasha.

"I didn't expect the Nineteenth Prince to have done so much." Seventh Prince Gu Fasha was expressionless. "Black Bat has been causing trouble for many years. Not only that, but he has also joined the barbarian race and killed our officials and people to build the Evil God Altar. Even if other experts kill him, they will be rewarded with a title. He will definitely become a Count. What do all of you think?"

"This is a reward based on merit, so His Majesty has to decide." Another minister said. This minister was also an old man, but he was the Minister of Literature. "This concerns the Nineteenth Highness, so we can't speak nonsense."

"Minister of Literature is right," Minister Liang Tao agreed.

Liang Tao was the representative of the Clear Stream in the Imperial Court. He had many disciples and was the teacher of the princes. He had even been punished by Gu Chensha. He was secretly shocked. "The Nineteenth Prince was still pretending to be crazy half a year ago. I didn't expect him to amaze the world with a single feat. Such a change is incomprehensible. If we can rope them into our Clear Stream Sect, it will be very promising."

The ministers of the High Stream Study were also divided into a few factions. They fought with each other, but it was not rare in the Imperial Court. Liang Tao's Clear Stream faction had a huge conflict with Lou Chongxiao's radical military faction.

"Fourth Brother, what do you think?" Gu Fasha asked Gu Huasha who was busy writing.

"How did the Nineteenth Prince improve so quickly? I will ask him in detail when he returns to the capital," Fourth Prince Gu Huasha didn't answer the question.

Gu Fasha smiled and didn't ask anymore. He knew that The Fourth didn't like to meddle in other people's business. He had a deep personality and a deep background. Asking him anything would be useless.

"Father is in closed-door cultivation. The affairs of the court can be decided by the ministers of the High Stream Study. But I suggest that the Nineteenth Prince, this matter is not urgent. Let's put it aside for now and record the merits. When Father comes out of closed-door cultivation, we can report it together. I believe Father will definitely reward us," Gu Fasha made the decision.

"There is one more thing. The Tenth Highness has already brought his family warriors and one thousand soldiers to Xian Prefecture. Along the way, he sent a memorial saying that the weapons and armors of the soldiers are insufficient. He wants the Ministry of War to transfer one thousand sets of Horned Dragon Armor, one thousand sets of Fire Talisman Spears, and one hundred thousand Fire Talisman Bullets," A young minister reported.

This young minister wasn't even thirty years old, but he was resolute and decisive. His footsteps were steady, and his cultivation was profound.

He was a talented young man personally selected by Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor from the imperial examinations. His name was Fang Lin. He was first-rate in terms of talent and handling affairs. More importantly, he was from a poor family. His family was ordinary, but he became a minister of the High Stream Study at such a young age.

Many people were jealous of him. However, he was cautious and handled his relationships flawlessly. After a few years, no one had any evidence against him and he gradually gained a foothold in the Imperial Court. 