Chapter 5: Reactions and Resolve

"Crack!"

The sturdy rosewood table crumbled under her hand. Her fingers looked soft and delicate, but they held terrifying destructive power.

"How could this be?!" Lou Baiyue's face was filled with killing intent.

"If the emperor wants a subject to die, the subject has to die," Lou Chongxiao said helplessly. "This is His Majesty's wish. Who can oppose it?"

"The Nineteenth Prince is an idiot! How can I be close to him? What will the other princes think if this gets out?"

A young man in his twenties was also furious. This was Lou Baiyue's elder brother, Lou Zhaixing. He was one of the best of the younger generation in the imperial court, having made great contributions and earned the rank of baron.

"Yes, Master. Should I go to the Palace and beg the Empress?" A noblewoman cried alongside her daughter. She was the First Wife of the Yuan Kingdom and Lou Baiyue's mother. "The Empress has always disliked Gu Chensha. She's always wanted Baiyue to marry the Seventh Prince. You know the Seventh Prince is the Empress's direct son with the highest chance of inheriting the throne."

She often visited the Palace and chatted with the concubines in the Imperial Harem. She had many contacts there.

"It's useless. This is His Majesty's will. He can't change his words," Lou Chongxiao shook his head. "The ruler now has absolute power and authority. If you do this, you'll be defying his orders. Our Lou Family has attracted too much attention in the Imperial Court. Many families are unhappy with us. If we make a wrong move, we'll be exterminated. Being with the emperor is like being with a tiger."

"Then what should we do?" The noblewoman's eyes turned vicious. "Otherwise... Baiyue could secretly plot something and let the other princes kill him?"

"Fool!" Lou Chongxiao scolded. "What kind of person is His Majesty? There's nothing in the world that can hide from him. Do you think he doesn't know about your little tricks? How many years have I served him? How many princes, ministers, and generals have lost his favor and met with misfortune? Even if the Nineteenth Prince isn't favored, he's still a prince. If we dare plot against him, even if it's flawless with no evidence, as long as His Majesty has this doubt in his heart, our Lou Family will face disaster."

"What exactly does he mean?" Lou Zhaixing gritted his teeth. "The reward is so generous, but he wants my sister to get close to that fool. I can't figure it out."

"Actually, things aren't as bad as we thought," Lou Baiyue calmed down. "I think His Majesty has two intentions. Our Lou Family already has too much power in the court. If I marry a favored prince and get close to the Seventh Prince, in the future I'd become Empress and the Lou Family would become imperial relatives. Wouldn't that be even harder for him to control? Asking me to get close to that brat is to restrict our family's power."

"What's the second intention?" Lou Zhaixing asked.

"Of course he wants us to keep an eye on that boy. He has Xian Dynasty bloodline. To the old survivors of the Xian Dynasty, he's a valuable chess piece," Lou Baiyue analyzed. "The Great Spirit God Technique is a method of the Xian Dynasty's royal family. The Xian royal family has ancient Great Spirit God bloodline. If someone from the Xian royal family cultivates this technique, there's a small chance they might awaken the Giant Spirit Bloodline. They'd become extremely powerful with many miraculous abilities. His Majesty wants to let that brat cultivate it and see what his bloodline can do."

"How can it be so easy to awaken Great Spirit God bloodline? The Xian Dynasty's royal family hasn't had anyone awaken it in a hundred years," Lou Zhaixing shook his head. "If there was someone who awakened Great Spirit God bloodline, our Great Yong Dynasty might not have been able to destroy the Xian Dynasty. You should know that the ancient Great Spirit God is a true god blessed by the ancient Emperor. Even His Majesty's current cultivation can't abolish that unless he obtains the legendary Heaven Sacrificial Talisman."

"I hope His Majesty can obtain the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman and become a true Son of Heaven, accomplishing unprecedented hegemony. That way, we as subjects might be granted divine titles and become immortal," Lou Chongxiao sat steadily. "So we must follow the emperor's footsteps closely. We'll do whatever he says."

"This matter still needs careful consideration. If we get close to that brat, it'll cause other princes to isolate our Lou family. Although this is the imperial decree, we might be attacked by vile people spreading rumors," Lou Zhaixing had many concerns. "We can't ignore the Empress's wishes either. The Seventh Prince has been interested in you for a long time. If he ascends the throne in the future, our Lou family will be in big trouble."

"Ascending the throne?" Lou Baiyue turned and asked, "Father, you've followed His Majesty for almost twenty years. When he was still a commoner, you were already following him. You can say you know him well. Do you know what the emperor's cultivation level is now?"

"His Majesty's cultivation is unfathomable. I'm afraid he can reverse life and death," Lou Chongxiao's expression was solemn.

"That's right. We can only obey the decree," Lou Baiyue's tone was stiff. "However, that brat better not have any wild thoughts. One more thing—our Lou family has always been independent. We don't need to rely on any princes. I, Lou Baiyue, will not marry the Seventh Prince for benefits. The Seventh Prince is a calculating person. Although he imitates His Majesty, he's not as broad-minded."

"Daughter, what do you mean?" Lou Chongxiao knew his daughter had many tricks up her sleeves. She had a strong character and would never admit defeat. Most importantly, she was loved by the emperor.

"Everything else is fake. Only power is real. My priority now is reaching the Dao Realm," Lou Baiyue said. "Although the imperial court has unified the world, monsters and barbarians haven't been destroyed. Otherwise, His Majesty wouldn't have mobilized such manpower and resources to build the Great Wall stretching hundreds of thousands of miles. If I can reach the Dao Realm quickly, I can apply to the court to be a general at the border and kill monsters and barbarians. Then I can escape the troubles in the capital. After all, His Majesty only said I should get close to that brat, but he didn't decree a marriage. The emperor has the determination to sweep away decadent trends and create a new era. He said I can choose for myself, and he won't go back on his words."

"Reaching the Dao Realm is the difference between mortal and celestial. It's not that easy," Lou Chongxiao shook his head. "I've practiced hard for forty years. I only stepped into the Dao Realm five years ago because of a lucky encounter. I obtained a Reborn Pill made by an ancient master. I know how difficult it is. It's impossible for you to reach the Dao Realm quickly."

"Where there's a will, there's a way," Lou Baiyue looked determined.

---

Meanwhile, at Nanshan Hunting Ground, in a peaceful canyon with a gurgling stream, spring water seeped between two rocks and the ground was mottled with moss. The tranquil atmosphere was shattered by a hissing sound.

A giant snake emerged from the shadows, thick as a human's leg and four to five feet long. It spat out its red tongue and fixed its cold eyes on its target.

Dagger in hand, Gu Chensha squatted down like a toad, gathering strength and preparing to fight for his life. This deadly serpent was staring right at him.

He'd come to Nanshan to hunt again, hoping to kill a tiger and wolf as sacrifice to obtain the Tiger-Wolf Pill. But instead of tigers, only this fierce snake waited in the canyon.

There was no room for carelessness. This snake was much stronger than any tiger—a vicious creature that could easily swallow a person whole.

Whoosh!

The snake coiled up and struck as fast as a skilled swordsman. The stench of blood rushed forward, nauseating enough to make anyone retch. Gu Chensha quickly moved to the side. His movement technique was ordinary, but effective.

With his previous skills, he definitely would've ended up in this snake's stomach. But the strength of bear and wolf had been fully absorbed. His martial arts had reached the Perfection level, making it possible to dodge the serpent's deadly mouth.

"Kill!"

The dagger glowed and drew an arc. "Rhinoceros Gazing at the Moon"—a strike aimed at the snake's weak point. This was basic royal family martial arts, very practical when executed properly.

The snake's head pulled back, and its tail whipped around like a steel whip. Sensing the danger, Gu Chensha used all his strength to jump aside again.

Bang!

The rocks on the ground cracked from the snake's tail strike. Had he not dodged in time, his brain would've been smashed to pieces.

Although dangerous moments kept coming, Gu Chensha could feel his skills improving with each exchange. This snake was incredibly skilled at attacking. No wonder martial arts were learned from studying animals. Fighting with this serpent was actually deepening his understanding of combat techniques.

He jumped up again. His body moved like an agile ape, dagger gleaming with cold light.

The fierce snake attacked from left and right, trying to bite him. But it couldn't succeed. Instead, its body was covered with cuts and gradually lost its ferocity.

"Total Annihilation!"

Qi circulated through his body. The technique flowed perfectly. With a long roar, he finally managed to chop off the snake's head.

Even with its head severed, the snake's mouth kept opening and its body kept twisting. It obviously wasn't dead yet.

Gu Chensha quickly took out the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. He smeared the snake's blood and his own on it, offering the snake's soul to Heaven.

The snake's twisting stopped immediately. Its shadow appeared on the talisman and was pulled into an unfathomable space. After receiving the sacrifice, great force came from the depths of space and time again!

After three sacrifices, he was prepared. Gu Chensha crossed his arms and stood in a circle. This was the basic technique, the Qi Holding Stance. It adjusted qi and blood and smoothed meridians. In stillness there was calmness, and in calmness there was wisdom.

As expected, his body was infused with power. Blood vessels turned purple and bulged like giant earthworms. Veins became like iron clothes covering his entire body. It seemed like he'd cultivated "Iron Shirt" to the highest level.

The giant snake's power far surpassed the tiger's. After the sacrifice, Gu Chensha experienced unprecedented pain. It felt like all the meridians in his body were breaking and his internal organs were about to explode. He couldn't even think clearly.

But he knew this was a sign of body refining and marrow purification. Standing still wasn't an option. The power had to be circulated throughout his body. According to martial arts principles, the energy needed to move up and down. This was called "marrow cleansing."

Enduring the pain, he performed basic royal family techniques: "Black Tiger Steals Heart," "Total Annihilation," "Rhinoceros Gazing at the Moon," "Hundred Steps Piercing," "Cross Chain"...

His moves became faster and faster. The power in his body released along with the moves and gradually flowed with the techniques. Suddenly, a loud bang sounded as the power returned to his dantian.

"That was close!"

When Gu Chensha regained his senses, he was drenched in sweat. The fierce snake's power had been too great to absorb completely. Had he not released some power through the techniques, he might really have exploded. Sacrificing recklessly was clearly dangerous.

Fortunately, after three months of research, he'd read many ancient books about sacrifice and gained some insights. Sacrifice could be used to practice martial arts.

"Hah!"

Circulating his energy slightly, his fist turned black as steel. When he punched a boulder, it actually shattered into pieces.

Looking at his hands with delight, he thought, "This strength is probably equal to a Fourth Layer Mortal Realm master, but control and mastery of martial arts are still inferior to a Grandmaster."

There was a limit to a Grandmaster's strength—about three bulls. Even a talented Grandmaster with natural divine strength couldn't exceed five bulls.

That was the human body's limit. Only by stepping into the Dao Realm could one absorb Heaven and Earth's spiritual qi and use it to nourish the body. Only then could someone reach the strength of nine bulls and two tigers.

Now that he'd sacrificed chicken, wolf, bear, and python, Gu Chensha's strength was almost four bulls—comparable to a peak Grandmaster.

Unfortunately, his martial arts cultivation wasn't high enough, and he still lacked understanding, so reaching true peak level remained impossible.

For now, more sacrifices would be useless. He'd have to rely on martial arts to cultivate more profound techniques. Only then could he become a real Grandmaster.

Whoosh!

Gu Chensha leaped up like an agile monkey and scurried up the slippery cliff as if walking on flat ground.

In just a few minutes, he reached the cliff top and looked down, searching for his next prey. Tigers and wolves needed to be killed for sacrifice to obtain the Tiger-Wolf Pill.

Little did he know that back in the capital, the Lou family was having heated discussions about him. The imperial decree had set things in motion that would change all their lives.

But for now, Gu Chensha was focused only on getting stronger. One step at a time. 