Chapter 19
=========

Gu Chensha sized up the place. Actually, not all the princes were here. First, Second, and Third Princes weren't here.

They were the three princes who had stepped into Dao Realm. First Prince Gu Hengsha guarded the ocean and didn't return to the capital. There were thousands of islands and many people outside. The cultivation sects kept their eyes on the continent, so they needed strong people to guard it. Second Prince Gu Xuansha headed further to draw a map of the Endless Land. Third Prince Gu Fansha defended the border and fought with the Barbarian Wolves. The three of them were all Princes. Prince Heng, Prince Xuan, and Prince Fan. Apart from them, Seventh Prince was the most important.

Seventh Prince Gu Fasha was the Queen's son and was a direct descendant. Based on the rules, he was the Crown Prince.

But since Heavenly Talisman Emperor didn't appoint a Crown Prince, he didn't have the right to do so. However, out of all the princes, his position was the most important. This was because his mother was the Queen.

The Queen's surname was Fa and the Legalists came from the medieval era. A Saint, Fazi, was born and made laws for humans. Law was the support of etiquette.

No matter when, the Legalists would always be an orthodox sect. They had many talents and when the world was in chaos, they would come out to help the Son of Heaven establish order.

The reason why Heavenly Talisman Emperor was able to wipe out hundreds of countries and unify the world was because he borrowed the strength of the Legalists.

The direct descendant always had an advantage. Gu Fasha was given the title of Law Prince when he was born and surpassed all the other princes.

Out of all the princes, only four had been given the title of Prince. They were the three older princes and Gu Fasha.

Fourth Prince, Fifth Prince, and Sixth Prince were older than Seventh Prince Gu Fasha, but they were only Dukes.

Even if Tenth Prince was brave and made contributions, he still wasn't given the title of Prince. He was now Duke of Zhen.

"Bring the barbarians over." Heavenly Talisman Emperor gave the order.

Kong! Kong! Kong!

A beast-like roar rang out. Iron cages as thick as an arm were pushed out by the soldiers. There were dozens of them and each cage contained a person. These people wore beast skins and were muscular. They gave off a savage and bloodthirsty aura.

They were exactly the same as humans, walking upright. However, their temperaments differed greatly. Humans were civilized and polite, their auras gentle, while they were cruel and vicious, uncivilized.

"What a strong evil aura."

Gu Chensha had also seen the captive barbarians before, but at that time, he did not have a deep understanding of energy dynamics, and was ignorant of it. But now, his spirit was sharp, and he could see down to the smallest detail. Only then did he realize how terrifying these barbarians were.

"There are more than a hundred barbarians here, and they are all devout believers of the Evil God. They can obtain power through sacrifice."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor continued, "These beasts have high statuses, they are the Barbarian Generals. Each of them has killed hundreds of humans. The Evil God of the Barbarian Race loves human blood sacrifices the most. If the Barbarian Race captures humans and sacrifices them, they would be able to obtain great strength. As for other beasts, the effect would be much weaker, some might not even be sensed. You must understand this point, the Barbarian Race is the mortal enemy of humanity, there is no need to show mercy to them."

"Yes!" All the princes understood.

Gu Chensha had been familiarizing himself with the sacrificial rites in the ancient book these days. He knew that in order to obtain power by offering sacrifices to the Demon God, one must first believe in the Demon God. But there was no need to offer sacrifices to the heavens. The Demon God was an existence with emotions, joy, anger, sorrow, and joy. The Heavenly Dao didn't.

Once one believed in the Demon God, they would be assimilated by the Demon God and wouldn't be able to go against his orders. Even if the Demon God wanted them to die, they could only die quickly. This was like handing their fate to others.

The key was that the power obtained from offering sacrifices to the Demon God wasn't pure, and there were many injuries.

For example, the Barbarian Wolves of the Barbarian Race believed in the Wolf God. If they killed a tiger and sacrificed it, they definitely wouldn't be able to obtain all of the tiger's power. They would only be able to obtain a strand, or even none. They had to sacrifice thousands of times before they could obtain a tiny bit. But the Heavenly Dao was impartial, the more one sacrificed, the more one would obtain.

Also, the Evil God loved human souls the most. This was because human souls were intelligent, bright, and warm, making the Evil God comfortable. This was why the Barbarian Race tried all ways to capture humans for blood sacrifice. This created an irreconcilable conflict.

As for what a God was, Gu Chensha knew. It was just someone with great strength. When one's Dao Realm reached a high enough level, they could summon the wind and rain, open their grotto-heavens, and create things from nothing.

In the imperial court, even the most benevolent scholars would only have one word for the Barbarian Race, and that was to kill!

"Father is right. When the ancient sages created the word 'Barbarian', it was 'Yi' at the top, and 'Worm' at the bottom. It's just a worm."

Gu Chensha decided not to pretend anymore. He had already figured out the Emperor's thoughts. He wanted to be the Emperor of all times, and as long as he was capable, he would be rewarded. "I am willing to be the first to kill the Barbarian Race."

Hearing his words, Eighteenth Prince Gu Hongsha had a bitter taste in his heart. "This kid is actually so cunning!"

He was not much different from Gu Chensha. He was about to come of age, and he would also be rewarded. Although the imperial court had sent news that he would be conferred the title of Duke, his title would only be the same as Gu Chensha's. At this moment, he was filled with jealousy. It was difficult for others to obtain a title, but as the son of the Emperor, it was much easier.

"Seems like Nineteen is good at studying, but this time, the Barbarian Race will not be killed first." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor ordered. "Release these Barbarians into the forest and let them escape! The princes will then enter the mountain to hunt them down. Whoever gets the most heads will be rewarded."

As he spoke, the eunuch brought out a plate.

On the plate, there was a crystal bottle, and in the bottle, there was a golden medicinal pill that shone brightly.

"Hundred Tribulations Golden Pill?"

Many of the officials stared at the golden pill, drooling over it. Even Lou Baiyue couldn't resist it.

"The Hundred Tribulations Golden Pill is made from the Nine Heavens Lightning Tribulations, with the essence of gold crystals and thousands of spiritual herbs."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor sighed. "This is the Hundred Tribulations Dao Sect's top-grade spiritual pill, and it takes tens of years for a Dao Realm expert to concoct it. Thinking back, the Hundred Tribulations Dao Sect even helped me annihilate the Five Ghosts Sect."

"Your Majesty, the Hundred Tribulations Dao Sect rebelled against the Imperial Court, and they even dared to assassinate an official of the Imperial Court. His Majesty was angered, and they deserved it." Duke Bi Xie's voice was cold.

"This is all in the past, there's no need to talk about it anymore. These years, I have annihilated countless sects and orthodoxies, both righteous and evil, all for the sake of peace. You princes must remember this, the sects of the martial world and the celestial sects are the source of chaos."

"These people are different from the Xian Dynasty. The people of the Xian Dynasty know how to govern a country, but the celestial sects don't know the rules of the common people, and they refuse to obey the Imperial Court."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor's tone turned sharp. "Now, there are many sects that were annihilated by the Imperial Court, and they have fled to the seas, wanting to take revenge. I know that you princes are recruiting talents, and as long as you are capable, you can recruit them. Who knows, there might be people with evil intentions who want to use your influence to bring chaos to the Imperial Court!"

"When you go back, you must investigate this, and be careful with your people. If you are exposed, even I can't protect you."

These words were too harsh. All the princes knelt down again.

"We will obey Father Emperor's teachings!"

"Release those barbarians!" The Heavenly Talisman Emperor waved his hand.

In an instant, some soldiers rushed forward and used metal chains to pull the cages open. The barbarians roared and wanted to pounce forward, but when they saw the ferocious soldiers, they felt a sense of fear. Clearly, they had suffered quite a bit along the way.

Ao, ao, ao, ao!

Finally, one of the barbarians tore off his beast hide, revealing his muscular body. There was a malevolent-looking wolf head embroidered on his chest, and the stench of blood grew even stronger.

He grabbed onto the bars of the cages, and with a violent tug, he actually managed to tear them apart. Grabbing a metal rod as a weapon, he sprinted towards the central camp.

The barbarians were intelligent. This barbarian general knew that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was definitely the leader, hence, he decided to fight like a cornered beast, wanting to assassinate the Imperial Court.

This barbarian was extremely tall, and when he charged over, it was as though even an army of ten thousand men and horses wouldn't be able to stop him.

However, none of the princes and ministers present showed any signs of panic, and no one called for protection. Instead, a mocking expression appeared on their faces.

"Your Majesty, allow me to embarrass myself." Lou Chongxiao bowed.

"That's fine." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor allowed.

Lou Chongxiao stretched out his palm, and all of a sudden, the barbarian generals that were charging over froze, like flies frozen in amber. A formless mass of air enveloped them, and they were slowly lifted into the air.

"Go!"

The barbarian generals were lifted into the air, and suddenly, they shot into the distant forest like shooting stars, falling from the sky and landing miserably on the snowy ground.

"Not bad." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor praised. "Chongxiao, your Divine Firmament Devil Astral Energy has improved by quite a bit."

"This humble subject's cultivation base is all thanks to Your Majesty's guidance."

Lou Chongxiao knelt down. "Your Majesty's cultivation base is the one that can conquer heaven and earth, shining as brightly as the sun and moon, having the same lifespan as Heaven and Earth, impervious to all tribulations. Even the ancient Sons of Heaven can't compare to you."

"Haha, shining as brightly as the sun and moon, having the same lifespan as Heaven and Earth, impervious to all tribulations. How can it be so easy? Even gods can't avoid the Five Signs of Decline." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor laughed. "But your compliment comes from the bottom of your heart, I'm very pleased."

Ao, ao, ao...

As the Heavenly Talisman Emperor spoke, the barbarians all fled into the forest, not daring to attack.

"All of you go." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor waved his hand.

"Yes!" The princes all stood up, using their movement techniques and flying away.

"Gu Fasha, why aren't you moving?" The Heavenly Talisman Emperor saw that Gu Fasha was still standing there, and he couldn't help but ask.

Gu Fasha knelt down. "I've already reached the Dao Realm. If I attack, I'm afraid my brothers won't be able to perform well in front of Father, so I won't fight for the Hundred Tribulations Golden Pill."

Gu Fasha was the Empress' son. Although he wasn't the Crown Prince, he was still the Crown Prince. He had a high status, and deep in his heart, he had his own pride. He wasn't willing to fight with the other princes for food.

"That's good. Since you aren't willing, then forget it."

How could the Heavenly Talisman Emperor not understand his son's arrogance? But this was all within reason.

"I'm afraid." Gu Fasha retreated to the side.

"Gao Ling, bring a chair for Little Seven to sit on."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor ordered. The surrounding nobles and officials nodded. From this small action, they could tell that Seventh Prince was still deeply loved.

"Baiyue, you go too. Let me see your martial arts. Don't be afraid. If you are bold, not only will you get the Hundred Tribulations Golden Pill, but you will also be heavily rewarded." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor looked at Lou Baiyue. 