Chapter 39
=========

What kind of person was Lou Chongxiao? He could tell Gu Zhensha's intentions with just one look.

If he said it out loud in such an occasion, he would definitely offend the Tenth Prince. However, he was expressing goodwill towards the Seventh Prince.

Originally, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had already offended the Seventh Prince when he allowed Lou Baiyue to get close to Gu Chensha. Although the Seventh Prince didn't say it out loud, he must have many thoughts in his heart. Lou Chongxiao had always wanted to ease the tension between them and he made use of this opportunity to express his stance.

"Duke Yuan is right. However, I can't give him what he wants even if I want to. We can only talk about this after Father comes out of seclusion." The Seventh Prince Gu Fasha laughed. "Isn't the servant in my residence called Fa Ni the governor of Fen Prefecture? He brought me a few jars of ancient wine when he went to report on his work. He said that it was dug out from the ground after destroying a temple. It has been buried for thousands of years. When you are done with your duties, you can come to my residence for a drink or two."

"Thank you, Your Highness." Lou Chongxiao knew that Gu Fasha was grateful. He was a smart person and had no reason to make a strong enemy out of him.

The other officials pretended not to see anything. It was a taboo for the princes to make friends with the officials. However, His Majesty encouraged it. Therefore, it wasn't a taboo.

At that moment, the officials in the study room were dealing with all sorts of complicated political affairs.

---

In the backyard of the Inspector's office in Ba Nan Province.

Gu Chensha was cultivating with his eyes closed. His qi and blood were circulating smoothly in his body. He could control them as he wished. He followed the Sun and Moon Training Technique and circulated his qi and blood to massage the secret meridians in his body. If he were to take off his clothes now, he would notice that his entire body was covered in red spots formed by his qi and blood.

There were many acupoints and secret meridians in the human body. If one trained for a long time, protected them with their mind and qi and blood, they would be able to unleash extraordinary abilities. Every martial art had such a secret technique.

For example, the Technique of the Great Spirit God had hundreds of secret meridians that could stimulate one's qi and blood. It could allow one to become extremely strong and have a long life.

However, compared to the Sun and Moon Refinement Technique, the Great Spirit God Technique was like a child playing with mud.

The Sun and Moon Refining Art introduced that there were three thousand and six hundred secret meridians in the body, which corresponded to the number of heavenly cycles. Besides that, the meditation method and the method to stimulate Qi and blood were unparalleled in the world.

Right now, Gu Chensha was sitting still, but in fact, he was using his mind to condense Qi and blood. Subconsciously, he was transforming the essence of the sun and moon into the Divine Light of the Sun and Moon, which he used to acupuncture every part of his body. Then, it circulated and shuttled back and forth, causing his five viscera and six bowels, eight extraordinary meridians, and acupoints all over his body to resonate with the orbit of the sun and moon, completing a perfect resonance.

If an extremely strong Dao Realm expert used his mind to sense Gu Chensha's soul, he would discover that Gu Chensha's soul had entered a strange space and time. His body was wriggling at high speed, shaking out all kinds of impurities. It was like forging a precious sword, hammering it thousands of times, and then becoming one.

After a long time, night fell. Gu Chensha suddenly opened his eyes. It was as if lightning had struck the dark room, causing it to brighten up. But in the next moment, it was pitch black again.

"I still can't break through to the Dao Realm. My soul is lacking something crucial, a type of mind, a comprehension that allows me to see through space and time." Gu Chensha carefully thought about it and summed up the gains and losses of his cultivation. He then smiled. "I'm being too forceful. After all, I've only cultivated for half a year. Although my combat strength is extraordinary, my comprehension of martial arts needs time to settle. This is like wine, the more it settles, the more fragrant it becomes."

When he thought about this, he calmed down. He wasn't anxious or impatient. He breathed slowly and calmly, and his comprehension deepened.

Seven to eight days had passed since he killed the Black Demon Bats. The memorial and corpses had already reached the imperial court. Although Gu Chensha didn't receive any rewards, it didn't matter. This was a merit that couldn't be erased. He was thinking about how to kill more demons and resolve the crisis in Xian Province.

Long Yuyun hadn't appeared these days. She had disappeared without a trace. It was very likely that she had obtained the Divine Mahākāśyapa Pill and found a way to expel her demonic nature. After consuming it, her cultivation would increase greatly.

"Long Yuyun's Dragonbone Sword is truly a divine weapon. It's a first-rate immortal flying sword." Gu Chensha stood up. "If I had such a weapon, I could use the Sun Moon Slaughter to launch a sneak attack. Even if I were to fight one on one with the Black Demon Bats, I might be able to kill him. However, divine weapons are hard to come by. Dragon Sword Island has been established for a thousand years, and it took generations to craft such an immortal flying sword."

Chi!

Suddenly, there was the sound of a hidden weapon piercing through the air. Gu Chensha instinctively drifted away. It turned out that a stone had fallen to the ground. It wasn't a sneak attack, but a message.

Gu Chensha didn't need to pick it up. Instead, he found a stick and peeled the paper off the stone. There were a few lines written on it: "Come to the forest outside the city." There was no signature.

He now had some experience in the pugilistic world. If the stone was poisoned, he would inevitably be harmed if he touched it.

"Who is it? Could it be a trap?" Gu Chensha's thoughts raced. "If it's the barbarians, they would just come to assassinate me. They wouldn't play such tricks. They aren't Long Yuyun's men either. Since they are looking for me so mysteriously, how could they be the remnants of the Xian Dynasty? Since that's the case, I'll go take a look. In any case, I'll hide in the space of the sacrificial altar if I encounter danger. I'll come out after the danger is over."

Immediately, he moved and shuttled through the air again. An hour later, he arrived at the edge of the forest outside the city.

He purposely slowed down and moved slowly so that his eyes and ears could see his surroundings. He had to be wary of the sinister hearts of men.

"I didn't expect Princess Mingkong's son to be so cowardly. He doesn't even dare to enter the forest," A voice came from behind.

"Don't enter the forest when you encounter it. This is the ancient saying. You can't even tell if it's a friend or foe, so why take the risk?" Gu Chensha turned around and saw a young man in his twenties. He held a folding fan in his hand and there were two armored guards beside him.

The armor was quite strange. It was covered in tiny spikes. It looked like it was made of iron, but it wasn't. It looked like it was made of leather, but it wasn't. There were talismans flowing around it, and it seemed like the armor could move on its own.

"Giant Spirit Spike Armor?" Gu Chensha recalled the records in the books. The Xian Dynasty's royal family had once developed this armor. Not only was it impenetrable, but it could also block hidden attacks from experts. That wasn't all. The most amazing thing about it was that it had its own kinetic energy. Even a weak person wearing it could shatter rocks and leap onto houses. If a Martial Path Master was on the ship, he wouldn't even be killed by a Dao Realm First Transformation Realm expert. Of course, it was just that he wouldn't be killed. It was impossible to win.

Unfortunately, it took a lot of time to create and one had to sacrifice it to the Great Spirit God. The Xian Dynasty's royal family only had less than one hundred of them. Most of them ended up in the hands of the Great Yong Imperial Family. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor would sometimes give them to nobles and princes.

In the end, the Great Yong Imperial Family improved the armor and created the Horned Dragon Armor. It was stronger and stronger.

However, there were too few of them and they were precious items. Even the experts in the palace couldn't equip them.

As for the Horned Dragon Armor that His Majesty gave to Lou Baiyue, it was even better than the Horned Dragon Armor.

Ancient books recorded that horses could become dragons, birds could become dragons, fish could become dragons, snakes could become dragons, and humans could also become dragons. All living beings could become dragons.

Dragons were split into nine grades. The lowest was the Flood Dragon, followed by the Horned Dragon, Great Dragon, King Dragon, Divine Dragon, True Dragon, Sun and Moon Dragon, Heaven and Earth Dragon, and Dragon of All Beings.

The ancient Emperor was also known as the True Dragon Emperor, and his status was above the Divine Dragon.

As for the last three dragons, they were just legends. Even His Majesty had to cultivate hard to reach them.

Therefore, the three moves of the Emperor's God-Sealing Art were Sun and Moon Shine Together, Heaven and Earth Live With One Heart.

"Gu Chensha, you are in danger. Do you know that?" The young man holding a folding fan suddenly shouted.

"What do you mean?" Gu Chensha was observing the young man's cultivation. He noticed that the young man's aura was faintly discernible. He was no longer breathing in the air. Instead, he was absorbing Spirit Qi.

Gu Chensha knew that the young man was about to say that he was in danger and had to cooperate with the remaining forces of the Xian Dynasty. However, Gu Chensha pretended not to know so that he could find out the truth.

"Countless experts from the barbarians and evil sects have gathered in Ba Nan Province. Three days later, they will attack the provincial capital and turn the entire province into a living hell. In other words, you can only live for three more days." The young man holding a folding fan pointed in the direction of the three counties. "There are more than ten old devils gathered in those three counties. Even if you and the others killed the Black Demon Bats, it would be useless."

"May I ask if you are a descendant of the Xian Dynasty's imperial family?" Gu Chensha's tone changed. He sighed. "I know that this is dangerous, but I have an imperial decree. I can only die in battle."

"My name is Chen Jianfeng," The young man said. "You and I are of the same generation."

The surname of the Xian Dynasty's royal family was "Chen". This was also the origin of Gu Chensha. For example, Crown Prince Gu Hengsha's mother was from the Heng Family. Seventh Prince Gu Fasha's mother was from the famous Legalism Family. Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's mother was from the Lei Family. However, Zhen and Lei were the same.

"You want to cooperate with me? Deal with the current situation? Or can you help me wipe out these rebels?" Gu Chensha asked. He was secretly cautious when dealing with the remnants of the Xian Dynasty's royal family. Even though the other party was from his mother's family, his mother was also an abandoned child of the royal family. The princesses of the past dynasties were all abandoned children.

"Why do you want to wipe out the rebels?" Chen Jianfeng chuckled. "The barbarians, the evil sects, and the Great Yong Dynasty are preparing for a decisive battle. Once war breaks out, the world will be in chaos, and it will be a great opportunity for us to restore our country. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor was arrogant and actually angered those powerful gods, causing the common people to suffer along with him."

"If I can't wipe out the rebels, I might be sent to prison," Gu Chensha frowned.

"What prison?" Chen Jianfeng's tone was filled with contempt. "I heard that you have activated the bloodline of the Great Spirit God. If you join forces with us, the entire Xian Province will immediately become our territory." 