Chapter 25
=========

The next few days passed quietly. Gu Chensha focused on reorganizing his household and cultivating his martial arts. Everything else was fake - only power was real [[memory:8500979]].

But he had no idea that his every move was being watched by many eyes.

---

In the reading room of the Seventh Prince's mansion, moonstone light cast gentle shadows across the simple furnishings. A zither, a sword, bookshelves filled with ancient texts - nothing more was needed.

Seventh Prince Gu Fasha sat cross-legged on his bed. No incense burned in the room, yet a natural valley breeze circulated around him. The energy of hundreds of grasses filled the air. This was the energy released by his body.

Gu Fasha had stepped into the Dao Realm long ago. Now he was brewing the Samadhi True Flame in his body - the eighth transformation of the Dao Realm. Once the Samadhi True Flame circulated through his body and reached his brain to burn the Life and Death Chamber, he would truly enter the ninth transformation: Glass Jade Body. Because of this, all impurities in his body were slowly being burned away. Only natural energy remained.

"Seventh Master, this is what happened." Outside the door, a person knelt and reported.

"Gu Chensha tied up Third Brother's men right after he got the manor? He didn't give him any face at all?" Seventh Prince Gu Fasha stood up. "It seems like he wants to make enemies all around. What happened to the people we planted?"

"The people we planted are fine. They're well-behaved and have been arranged by Little Yizi. I told them to work hard and not expose themselves," the person replied.

"Well done. Gu Chensha was originally hiding his strength and biding his time, but he wasn't worth mentioning at all. Even if he cultivated to the Dao Realm, I can still turn him into dust with a flip of my palm."

Seventh Prince Gu Fasha paced as if thinking about something. "But he actually activated the bloodline of the Great Spirit God. This is the source of terror. Once he communicates with the ancient Great Spirit God through a sacrificial ritual, who knows what kind of things will happen. Moreover, that Lou Baiyue is even more terrifying."

The person just kowtowed and didn't dare to reply.

"Call Mr. Jin over," Gu Fasha waved his hand.

"Yes!"

In just a moment, a person appeared in the middle of the reading room. He wore a Taoist robe and looked young. His face was like warm jade and he appeared to be just over twenty years old. However, his eyes were filled with age and he looked like he had experienced many things.

"Why did Seventh Master call me?" The young Mr. Jin bowed and found a chair to sit on. Gu Fasha didn't mind.

"Mr. Jin, what do you think of the Great Spirit God?" 

"Are you worried about the Nineteenth Prince, Seventh Master?" Mr. Jin said. "Although I don't go out, I've heard a lot of news, especially about the birth of the bloodline of the Great Spirit God. Even in ancient times, it's not a small matter. Seventh Master has saved my life. How can I not do something for him?"

"Mr. Jin, you are an elder of the Precelestial Everlasting Sect. You are very knowledgeable, so I have no choice but to borrow your wisdom," Gu Fasha was very polite.

"The past is a thing of the past. The Precelestial Everlasting Sect is gone. Everything under the sky belongs to His Majesty. I am also a subject of the Great Eternity Dynasty."

Mr. Jin had a bitter smile on his face. "His Majesty is really unfathomable. The Precelestial Everlasting Sect is an immortal dao sect that has been passed down from ancient times. For thousands of years, it has been one of the top ten sects of the immortal dao. Because the young sect master killed the governor of Yu Province, His Majesty sent experts to eliminate us. I saw it with my own eyes that day. The Emperor personally took action and broke seven Precelestial Everlasting Formations. The seven grand elders guarding the formations couldn't even take one move. Then, His Majesty tore apart the void and pulled our entire sect into the depths of the space-time turbulence. Even the sect master died. I was captured by the imperial army and was about to be killed, but Seventh Master secretly swapped me and saved me. Now, I don't even dare to think about restoring the sect. I just want to live peacefully under Seventh Master's hands."

"What level is Father's cultivation? I know about the disappearance of the Precelestial Everlasting Sect, but I didn't see it with my own eyes. Isn't that..." Seventh Prince Gu Fasha swallowed his words.

Mr. Jin smiled. Naturally, he knew what Gu Fasha wanted to say. He played with the jade folding fan in his hand.

"Seventh Master, you don't have to be discouraged. His Majesty has a long lifespan. Although there is no hope for you to inherit the throne, you must know that even the strong will be envied by the heavens. They will not live forever. The stronger one is, the more tribulations they will face, especially the throne. Every word and action of His Majesty controls the fate of all living beings. Since ancient times, there have been long-lived immortals who lived in seclusion, but there have never been long-lived emperors who held great power."

Mr. Jin calculated. "My Precelestial Everlasting Sect has the Peerless Heavenly Book. It can calculate the past and the future. Once, the grand elder of the sect sacrificed himself to the book and saw the secrets of heaven. In the near future, there will be a great change in the world. At that time, it might be the chance for Seventh Master to rise."

"You know the whereabouts of the Peerless Heavenly Book?" Gu Fasha asked anxiously. "Father did not obtain the Peerless Heavenly Book. The essence of the book is Heaven-grade, so it is called the Peerless Heavenly Book."

"This book has a spirit and is an existence similar to a god. It will automatically choose its master and escaped into the depths of the space-time turbulence. No one knows where it went, so I naturally could not find it," Mr. Jin looked regretful.

"If only I could obtain this book..." Gu Fasha walked forward.

"To be honest, even if Seventh Master obtained this book, you might not be able to use it to achieve great things," Mr. Jin said. "His Majesty's cultivation can kill gods. Even without the legendary heavenly decree, he can still catch up to the ancient emperor. So, Seventh Master's every action must be based on His Majesty's thoughts. Only by doing things according to His Majesty's will can you ensure your safety. At the same time, you can also increase your strength. You must not have any rebellious thoughts. Otherwise, disaster will befall you."

"Then, what about Gu Chensha now?" Gu Fasha also had his own thoughts. "Father did notice him, but he has activated the bloodline of the Great Spirit God. He is a great threat to me. If I do not strike first, I am afraid there will be a disaster. You should know that the treasure left behind by Princess Xian Chao is in my hands."

"I am also thinking about this." Mr. Jin thought quickly. "After Princess Xian Chao committed suicide, the treasure map and the Law Breaking Sword fell into Seventh Master's hands. All these years, Seventh Master, have you figured out the secret of the treasure?"

"This treasure map is profound and unpredictable, but I have some ideas. Wait until I burn the Life and Death Hidden Gate with True Fire and burn my consciousness. If I succeed, my soul will condense and I will have extraordinary inspiration. At that time, I will be able to figure out the secret of this treasure map."

The seventh prince reached out his hand and grabbed the air. 

Whoosh!

A dark golden map flew out from a secret compartment in the study. On it were densely packed strange runes, mountains, rivers, people, and all kinds of ancient words. The whole map was dazzling to look at.

This map had the luster of an antique. Obviously, it had been handled hundreds and thousands of times.

"This is actually not a big deal. With Seventh Master's power and influence, you don't need to be afraid of Gu Chensha. I think His Majesty is training him for a reason. It is not just for the Xian Dynasty. Think about it - the whole Xian Dynasty was destroyed at its peak. Now that the world is united and the people are at peace, why would His Majesty care about a few people? I think His Majesty still wants to find traces of the Great Spirit God from Gu Chensha. His Majesty wants to kill a god!"

Mr. Jin suddenly had an idea.

"Kill a god? It is not strange for Father to have this idea, but if it is not done well, the country will be destroyed." The seventh prince was very scared. "Even the ancient emperors wanted to abolish the gods, but it was not easy. Some of the ancient emperors had angered the gods, and their countries were destroyed. Of course, many of the gods had fallen. In history, there were many wars of killing gods. Let's not talk about this. My cultivation has not reached that level yet, so I will never be able to figure it out. Mr. Jin, I still hope you can help me find the Peerless Heaven Book."

"Actually, although the martial arts in the Peerless Heaven Book are profound, Seventh Master does not need to neglect the essentials. As long as I can learn His Majesty's Great Massacre God Technique, what is the Peerless Heaven Book?" Mr. Jin sighed. "Isn't Seventh Master guarding the gold and looking for iron?"

"Great Massacre God Technique!" When the seventh prince heard this name, his whole body shivered. "This is Father's secret. Even I, the eldest son, cannot be taught it."

"No, His Majesty has the breadth of mind to command the Heavenly Axiom. It is impossible for him to do it alone, so he needs help. As long as the Seventh Prince can gain His Majesty's trust and show his worth, he will definitely be taught by His Majesty."

Mr. Jin came up with a plan. "I have a few plans to deal with the current situation..."

---

Lou Family. Lou Baiyue was listening to a report.

"Miss, he is bold and decisive. He reorganized the household and did not hesitate to touch Third Master's people. Will there be any problems?" The maid who spied on the information said.

"He is doing the right thing. He is swift and decisive." Lou Baiyue praised. "Right now, he is being favored by His Majesty. He is taking this opportunity to reorganize the household and no one will dare to stop him. If it is delayed, when His Majesty's favor dies down, he will reorganize the household and it will be out of control. This Gu Chensha - he has been deceiving me."

"But no matter how much he reorganizes the household, he has no one to use. It takes at least three generations to nurture talents, some even more than ten generations," the maid sneered. "He only has Little Yizi by his side now. What can he do? Miss, do you want me to bribe this eunuch?"

"We can try, but we cannot let others make the first move," Lou Baiyue said. "That Little Yizi is his confidant. Everyone must be bribing him."

"Okay, I will do it now."

"Wait, this matter is not urgent. Why don't we go find him and wait for him to come to us?" Lou Baiyue waved her hand. "Gu Chensha isn't a fool. He wants to revitalize his family business and establish his own residence. He can't do it himself, so he has to come to me. Moreover, His Majesty has asked us to assist him in his task of investigating the remnants of the Xian Dynasty. He has to obey this imperial edict. Also, send people to his residence. I must know his every move at all times. Originally, he was not worth so much attention. But after activating the Great Spirit bloodline, he can communicate with the Great Spirit God and receive divine favor. He cannot be treated as an ordinary person. He may even become the representative of the Great Spirit God on earth."

"Then why is His Majesty cultivating him? What does that mean?" The maid was obviously Lou Baiyue's confidant.

"Because he is His Majesty's son." Lou Baiyue picked up the pen on the table and wrote a note. "His Majesty has the intention to find clues about the Great Spirit God. Since it involves God, His Majesty is very concerned about it. We must also pay attention to it. I will give you two hundred thousand taels to do this. Also, send a group of experts to control Gu Chensha's residence." 