Chapter 24
=========

There were lights everywhere in the mansion.

Gu Chensha sat on the grand wooden armchair, and Little Yizi stood beside him. The servants around him stood with their hands at their sides. Some stood under the eaves, some stood by the corridor, some held scissors to cut the wick, and some were sweeping the courtyard. They were all silent, each with their own ulterior motives, sneaking glances at the two people in the main room.

"Master, this is the name list. The entire mansion originally had five hundred people." Little Yizi handed over the name list.

"Five hundred people? That many?"

Gu Chensha frowned, "This mansion and the surrounding fields and orchards can only support two hundred people at most."

"Not bad, master's eyes are like a torch."

Little Yizi said, "The original housekeeper of this mansion used his position for personal gain and kept many idlers. All the aunts and relatives were stuffed into the mansion. In fact, the mansion is empty and there is no money left. In addition, there is a debt of tens of thousands of dollars. This humble servant has already gathered everyone and dismissed four hundred people. This humble servant will keep one hundred honest people and gradually replace them with our own people."

"Not bad, that is what we should do. Is there anyone who is dissatisfied and wants to cause trouble?" Gu Chensha knew that managing a family was like managing a country and he could not let his guard down.

"Who dares? The law is very strict. If it was in the past, they would dare to be disrespectful to master. However, master has obtained His Majesty's appreciation and is no longer ignorant. Only death awaits them. Using slaves to bully a master is a big crime. We can execute them in the mansion."

Little Yizi's tone was filled with ruthlessness, "However, our manor's housekeeper, Old Man Xia, is hard to deal with. He was sent by the Minister of Internal Affairs."

"You can handle this matter. I would rather have no one to do anything than have outsiders infiltrate in." Gu Chensha said.

"That is natural. Master, in a few days, we will be holding a big banquet. After all, the opening of the mansion is a big event. The officials and even the nobles will send gifts according to etiquette. We must also send gifts in return. It cannot be too shabby, otherwise, it will damage our prestige."

Little Yizi counted on his fingers, "In addition, this humble servant has fifty armored soldiers. This humble servant has to recruit them myself and pay them myself. This is not a small sum of money. The operation of our Duke's mansion needs money for everything. Although His Majesty has bestowed three hundred thousand, this humble servant thinks it will be used up in a year. The first thing to do now is to increase income and reduce expenditure. This humble servant is not like the other princes, this humble servant has the support of my mother's clan."

For other princes, their mother's clan was powerful. Some of them even built a mansion for them when they were born. For example, Eighteenth Prince Gu Hongsha did not live in the mansion that was given to him. Instead, he built his own mansion. He had thousands of servants and experts. He spent money like water. With such a force, he could naturally move unhindered in the imperial court and do things with ease. As for Gu Chensha, he could only work hard to manage it.

"That's right. You need money everywhere, but I have a way to get money. You don't have to worry about that."

Gu Chensha thought about it. At this time, he could kill the tigers and wolves, refine the Tiger Wolf Pill, and sell it through a secret channel.

The Tiger Wolf Pill was an ancient miraculous pill. Once it appeared in the world, it would definitely attract the attention of countless people. Of course, it would also attract trouble. If Gu Chensha was an ordinary person, he would have a lot of scruples. However, he was a prince. He was below one person and above tens of thousands of people. He was not afraid of being investigated. As long as the Emperor did not deal with him, no one would be able to do anything to him.

If a Tiger Wolf Pill was really sold, it would probably be worth tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands. As long as he sold a few hundred pills, he would be able to solve his financial crisis.

"Can master sell the pill that master consumes?" Little Yizi said, "But how do we explain the origin of the pill to others?"

"No problem. Just say that I obtained a jar of ancient pills by chance. Who would dare to investigate me?" Gu Chensha did not bat an eyelid.

"Indeed, if an ordinary clan obtained such a pill, they could only offer it to the imperial court. Otherwise, their entire clan would be exterminated. However, master's status doesn't matter."

Little Yizi relaxed. "But master has been in the limelight too much recently. This humble servant thinks master will have to lay low for a while. That pill has to be sold to a reliable person. If it's taken by another prince, it's the same as giving money to the enemy."

"Yes, I already have a buyer," Gu Chensha said.

"Long Yuyun?" Little Yizi understood immediately.

"Little Yizi, it seems that your training has really paid off. Long Yuyun's side is a good channel, but I actually want to sell it to the Lou family. Father intends to get Lou Baiyue close to me, so I naturally have to borrow the Lou family's power." Gu Chensha smiled. "Of course, the Lou family is unfathomable, so I have to be on guard."

"That's natural. The Lou family has always been hostile towards master. This time, when master sells the Tiger Wolf Pill to the Lou family, they can't resist the temptation and have no choice but to swallow it. Once they swallow it, the Lou family's power will definitely multiply. Now that the Lou family is half the imperial court, if they continue to grow arrogant, they'll have a tragic end!"

Little Yizi laughed coldly. "That Lou Baiyue bewitched Tenth Prince to beat master back then. This debt needs to be settled. Moreover, if something happens to the Lou family, master can think of a way to take over the Lou family's power. Then, master can plot something big."

"But there's no need to scheme like this."

Gu Chensha looked at Little Yizi strangely. He didn't expect this kid to have such deep thoughts. "But one must always be on guard against others, and one must never have the intention to harm others."

"Master is open and aboveboard. Let this humble servant handle these shady little things and sins." Little Yizi didn't bat an eyelid.

"Sigh..." Gu Chensha sighed. "Ask the manor's manager, Old Xia, to come see me."

An old man stood in front of Gu Chensha.

He wore a brocade robe and a hat. There was a thumb-sized jade embedded on it. Half of the jade was emerald green, and the other half was the color of flames. He also wore a jade thumb ring on his hand. It was pure white, and it faintly glowed with holy light. The boots on his feet were made of exquisite leather, and there were gems embedded on them as well.

"Cold and Warm Jade?"

Gu Chensha recognized the jade that was half emerald green and half flame. It was the rare Cold and Warm Jade. After wearing it, it could absorb heat in the summer and release it in the winter. In the winter, it could absorb cold energy and release it in the summer. The cycle of yin and yang energy was not only beneficial to the human body, but it could also increase the efficiency of cultivation. That jade thumb ring was also a treasure, and it was worth a lot. A small manor's manager was actually this rich. His entire outfit was worth at least thirty to fifty thousand yuan.

The current Heavenly Talisman Dynasty sat on the four seas, and was extremely wealthy. The people gradually became extravagant, and it was not strange for rich people to dress up like this. However, this old man was the manor's manager, and according to the rules, he should be a little more simple. Now that he was not afraid, he had a huge backing.

"This humble servant, Xia Huang, greets Lord Nineteen." When the old man saw Gu Chensha, he bowed slightly, and did not kneel.

"How dare you! Kneel!" Little Yizi shouted.

"It's fine." Gu Chensha stopped Little Yizi from moving forward. "Xia Huang, are you the manager of my manor?"

"Yes, this humble servant manages the hundreds of acres of orchards around this manor, and thousands of acres of fertile land. This humble servant maintains the manor's expenses and maintenance."

Xia Huang said. "This manor originally belonged to the Ministry of Internal Affairs, and His Majesty bestowed it to Lord Nineteen. In the future, this humble servant will naturally help Lord Nineteen take care of the family property."

"I see." Gu Chensha did not bat an eyelid. "Then let me ask you. Why is there no money in the manor's accounts? Instead, there are debts? How do you manage it?"

"Lord Nineteen does not manage the household, so you do not know the difficulties of managing. This manor is so big, and the expenses for the staff are not small. It also needs to be repaired frequently to prevent it from rotting over the years. The income from a few fruit groves and a few fields is not enough, so the income cannot make ends meet." Xia Huang was not flustered.

"Xia Huang, master knows you have been stuffing your pockets. Now, master will give you a choice. Spit out the property that you have swallowed, and obediently scram. Master can still spare your life." Little Yizi snorted coldly.

"Why does Eunuch Yi say this?"

Xia Huang was not the slightest bit surprised. "Although this humble servant is lowly, this humble servant cannot be so easily framed. Lord Nineteen, please investigate clearly."

"Is that so?"

Little Yizi laughed coldly and pulled out a half-dead man from behind. His body was covered in filthy blood. "This is the accountant's room. After this humble servant's torture, he confessed everything. He even took out a lot of account books. They are all here with this humble servant. As long as this humble servant hands them over to the Imperial Clan Court, not only will you confiscate the property, but you will also exile the entire family to the border to do hard labor and build the Great Wall of Stone. Think it through."

The accountant's face was splashed with water by Little Yizi, and he came to his senses. "Master Xia, this humble servant had no choice. This humble servant was beaten to death..."

"Now that the evidence is here, Xia Huang, what do you have to say? Master doesn't want much, just the money you have embezzled over these years. A total of two hundred thousand, and master won't make things difficult for you." Little Yizi presided over the matter, and Gu Chensha just watched.

"Lord Nineteen, don't go overboard."

Xia Huang's gaze sharpened. "This humble servant is Third Prince's man, and the entire Internal Affairs Hall is managed by him. If you touch this humble servant, you will be going against him. This humble servant thinks we should just mind our own business. Lord Nineteen, this humble servant will continue to manage this place, and you can just be a Duke. How about that?"

"Third Brother's man?" Third Prince was Third Prince Gu Fansha.

He controlled the entire Internal Affairs Hall, and he was an old Prince. He had stepped into the Dao Realm long ago, and led the army. He fought the barbarian race at the border, and he held real power. The current Minister Fan Ruhai who was in charge of the Internal Affairs Hall was his cousin.

Although Gu Chensha was temporarily favored by the Emperor, his foundation was still shallow, and he couldn't compare to the four Princes. This was also the reason why Xia Huang didn't care at all.

Gu Chensha stood up, and slowly walked to Xia Huang's side. He suddenly attacked, and his slap was like lightning.

Pa!

Xia Huang's face was slapped, and his entire body flew out. He hit the pillar of the hall, and then rolled down, howling in pain.

"Who do you think you are, using Third Brother to pressure me?"

Gu Chensha laughed coldly. "Your martial arts aren't bad, to be able to take my slap without fainting. Little Yizi, tie him up, and then inform his family to hand over all the money he has embezzled. If not, I will deal with him like a servant, and cut off his arms and legs before throwing him out."

"Yes."

Little Yizi dragged Xia Huang out, and took all the gemstones from his body. After tying him up, he came back to report. "Master, by doing this, have we offended Third Prince? He's not to be trifled with."

"There's nothing we can do about it. If we don't get rid of this thorn, we won't be able to reorganize the family. If we can't even fix the family, how can we do big things? Leaving Xia Huang behind is like having a thief in the family. It's useless to guard against him day and night. Anything we do will be heard by others on the same day."

Gu Chensha understood in his heart. "Only by removing this thorn will things be easier. Of course, there are still many thorns in this mansion. We will remove them one by one, and replace them with trustworthy people. As for finding reliable people, I will leave it to you. I will cultivate in seclusion for the next few days, and improve further."

Everything else was fake, and only power was real. 