Chapter 40
=========

"Prince?" Gu Chensha had a strange expression. "Then who is His Majesty?"

"Naturally, it's our crown prince, Chen Tianhuang. Back then, he followed the Grand Tutor and trained hard. Now that he has reached grand completion, he will naturally seek justice from the Heavenly Talisman Emperor." Chen Jianfeng's face was filled with killing intent. "I know you have been living a tough life, being discriminated against in the royal palace all year round. Now that you have a chance to stand out, this is the only path you can take. If you don't cooperate with us, you won't be able to get through this. Don't you know that Lou Baiyue framed you on purpose?"

"But if the country is restored, the world will be plunged into misery and suffering. What will you think?" Gu Chensha inquired.

"The people of the world are like chives, harvested batch after batch. Isn't it the same for generations? You can't be so stupid, right?" Chen Jianfeng's tone was high and mighty, not treating the people as humans at all.

"Xian Dynasty was far inferior to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, otherwise, it wouldn't have been destroyed." Gu Chensha thought. "It's not a blessing for the people of the world to have such thoughts. Not to mention the fact that they can't take over the world, even if they can, they will only enslave the people and cause the country to regress."

"What? You're not willing?" Chen Jianfeng's eyes were cold as he stared at Gu Chensha.

"Things can be discussed, but you want me to do such a big thing just because of a single sentence? Isn't this too childish? Can't you show some sincerity?" Gu Chensha could tell that this person had ill intentions, but he couldn't be bothered to fall out with him. "Right now, Lou Baiyue is holding the fort near Ba Nan Province with her troops, and Third Prince Gu Fasha has even more troops. There's also Marquis Jushi at the border of Xian Province to support her at any time. I don't have any troops and I'm alone. Do you think I can take down Xian Province just because I want to rebel?"

"That's fine, it's not difficult to get troops. I can support you with a few thousand experts at any time. Also, you said that you don't have any soldiers, but that's not necessarily true. I don't believe that you can kill the Black Demon Bat with your strength. The expert beside you is not simple." Chen Jianfeng took a few steps forward. "Do you agree or not? Time is of the essence. If you miss this opportunity, you will die a tragic death in a few days."

"I need to think about it for two days. This is a big matter, and I have to plan," Gu Chensha secretly looked around to see if there was any danger, and then began to delay for time.

"Alright, I'll give you two days. After two days, we'll meet here again. I hope you can give me a reply," Chen Jianfeng raised his hand and made an inviting gesture.

Gu Chensha's legs bounced off as he retreated rapidly, disappearing in a few leaps.

"Young Master, I think this person is just playing dumb with us. There's no way he would betray that old bastard Heavenly Talisman Emperor. He was recently conferred the title of Duke, and has established his own manor. He's riding the crest of success. Why would he follow us to restore our country?" A subordinate came up and said solemnly. "Why don't you take him down? Extract his bloodline and inject it into Young Master's body. At that time, Young Master will be able to communicate with the Great Spirit God. As long as the Great Spirit God acknowledges you, Young Master will be the ruler. Even the Crown Prince will have to bow down to you."

"You think I don't want to take him down?" Chen Jianfeng laughed coldly. "But he's not a simple character. If he can kill the Black Demon Bat, the expert beside him can kill me at any time. So, I'll give him two days. At that time, he will come to me for help. He definitely won't be able to withstand the barbarians and evil sects' attacks. The Great Yong Dynasty's court will definitely force him into a desperate situation."

As they spoke, the three retreated into the forest.

After leaving, Gu Chensha didn't return to the provincial capital. Instead, he opened up a map on a small hill outside the city. It was a map of Ba Nan Province.

There were dozens of counties and five prefectures in Ba Nan Province. All of them were clearly marked on the map. There were all sorts of roads, paths, mountain paths, waterways, forests, lakes, and even villages.

At that moment, three counties and the surrounding villages, towns, and forests were all circled in red. They were Tao County, An County, and Cha County.

These three places had completely fallen. The counties had become the evil sect's altar. Every day, countless people were sacrificed or turned into evil sect members to attack and plunder other counties and villages. The army of Ba Nan Province had fought with the evil sect several times, but they were all defeated. Now, they could only retreat and shrink their line of defense.

"The evil sect's attack is imminent. Governor Ba Nan can't be relied on. That army is not enough to fill the gaps between the experts' teeth." Gu Chensha had his own plans. "The only thing I can do now is to go deep into the tiger's den and assassinate as many evil sect experts as I can to disrupt their plans. That might delay them for a while. If it's someone else, it won't work. But I have the Sacrificial Talisman's space. If I encounter danger, I can enter it with just a thought. That way, I can come and go like a shadow."

He had no soldiers, no generals, and no one he could trust. He had enemies on all sides. This was the only way to stop the evil sect's army.

Moreover, his main purpose of coming here was to practice martial arts. If he could kill the evil sect experts in actual combat, not only would he be able to relieve the suffering of the people, but he could also sacrifice to the heavens to obtain the Heavenly Dew. It could also ease the current situation. It was killing three birds with one stone.

If he had not learned the Sun and Moon Kill, this plan might not have been feasible. But now, he had an eighty-nine percent chance of success.

"If I can borrow the Dragon Bone Sword, I can hide in the altar's space. When the evil sect experts pass by and suddenly assassinate me, even the Black Demon Bat would not be able to withstand the power. Even Long Yuyun might not be willing to lend it to me. If I had known, I would have taken Lou Baiyue's Fiery Sword."

Gu Chensha kept the map and flew away. "Forget it. Lou Baiyue is a scheming person. If I take her sword, she might be suspicious. Moreover, that sword was forged by Father. If it has spirituality, it will be bad if it can sense the Sacrificial Talisman."

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Gu Chensha pondered, but he did not slow down. He followed the map and rushed to the three counties where the turmoil was.

Although it was night and the surroundings were dark, and there was no moon in the sky, his eyes could clearly see any small objects several miles away.

Four to six hours later, the sky was slightly brighter. He avoided the place where the imperial court's army was stationed and took small paths. He walked a few hundred miles in this way and was close to Peach County.

Along the way, there were many prosperous villages and towns that were deserted. All kinds of houses were burned, and even the trees had burn marks. It was really like a fire in the village and smoke in the trees.

Many of the villages had charred corpses on the ground. There were old people, women, and children. Some were even disemboweled. It was a horrible sight.

This was the first time Gu Chensha had seen such a horrible scene. He was furious and wanted to kill all the evil sect leaders and barbarians.

"Hmm? There is a battle cry in the distance." His sensitive ears caught the sound of movement and he immediately leaped onto the top of a large tree on a high hill. With the help of the morning light, he looked into the distance and saw a town in the distance. There was a tall city wall, and the citizens of the town were defending against the attacks of the cultists.

The evil sect members were dressed in black robes and wrapped themselves up tightly. Each of them had a long knife in their hands. They swarmed forward, trying to break into the town.

The evil sect members had taken the three counties as their base. They attacked many villages and took people to the evil sect's altar. They killed the priests and brainwashed some people to become evil sect members.

This snowball-like development was extremely terrifying. In the past, the imperial court would immediately send troops and experts to annihilate them.

The town in the distance was quite prosperous and had a large population. People from the surrounding villages also came to the town to seek refuge. Under the leadership of the mayor, the defense system was surprisingly effective. There were also a few experts in the town who patrolled the walls and killed the evil sect members. In addition, there were archers, crossbows, and even a few cannons.

Suddenly, a long whistle came from the evil sect's camp.

"Not good. It's a martial arts master." Gu Chensha immediately knew that there were experts among the evil cultists. If a martial arts grandmaster were to make a move, he could leap onto the city wall and kill the strong leaders in the town. The tens of thousands of people in the town would collapse and become the evil cultists' livestock, waiting to be slaughtered.

"Sun and Moon Walk, Roam the World." He activated his movement technique and quickly approached the evil sect's army.

"Someone is coming. Stop him." Just as he was about to get close, the evil sect leader noticed something was wrong. He waved the flag in his hand and a large group of evil sect members swarmed over.

"Rain of Flowers." Gu Chensha kicked a stone and crushed it into dozens of pieces. He threw them at them.

The stones whistled through the air and were as fast as lightning. They immediately knocked out dozens of evil sect members. This was a hidden weapon technique. It was recorded in the Great Spirit God Technique and was most suitable for group battles.

Although he had thrown dozens of pebbles, each one of them was extremely accurate in identifying the acupoints and the force used was precise.

However, he didn't kill them. The stones didn't hit their vitals but just knocked them out. After they woke up, their internal strength would be numb and they wouldn't be able to kill or harm people.

Most of these evil sect members were civilians who were forced and bewitched. Killing their leader would naturally wake them up and there was no need to kill them all.

He was really quick and very quickly charged into the evil sect army and got close to the general position.

These Evil Cultists were after all commoners. Although they were all valiant and unafraid of death, they were not as well-trained as the army. If it were the elite troops of the Great Yong Dynasty, with the layers of shields, forest of spears, saber formations, bows and arrows, and even the arrangement of gunmen, it would be basically impossible to take the head of a general amidst an army of ten thousand.

In the past, when the Great Yong Dynasty army attacked many sects, there were first and second Dao Realm experts who died. Of course, if one reached third Dao Realm with copper skin and iron bones, then the threat of the army would be much lower. Even sharp arrows and crossbows wouldn't be able to harm one's body.

This time, the Third Prince was afraid of the Barbarian Race God Envoy. He had cultivated to the sixth Dao Realm and cultivated energy into energy. He wasn't someone a normal army could fight against.

"Kill!" The evil sect leader stood on a wooden platform and held a flag in his hand. When he saw that the disciples couldn't stop Gu Chensha and allowed him to get close, he was furious. He grabbed a spear and tossed it out. The spear was like a flying snake as it headed for Gu Chensha's heart.

"Good timing." Gu Chensha dodged the spear and with a slight jump, he was on the platform. He opened his fingers and was about to grab the leader.

The leader's eyes were evil and red. There were tattoos on his face and when he saw Gu Chensha attack, he didn't fear anything. He pulled out his blade and the blade exploded, covering the sky in blade shadows.

"Blood Melting Blade!" 