Chapter 18
=========

Fighting against Tenth Prince this time was a decision he had made after careful consideration.

Firstly, after the news that the Emperor had allowed Lou Baiyue to get close to him spread, he had become the target of public criticism. Even if he kept a low profile, there would be people who would not let him go. For example, today, he could not hide from Tenth Prince's pressure. If he continued to pretend, he might really be crippled.

Secondly, he was about to come of age, and it was the crucial time to confer a title. If he could show off his martial prowess, he could be conferred a good title.

Thirdly, he could push the reason for his increase in strength to the bloodline of the Great Spirit God. There would be a chance to explain, and he would be of great value to them.

Of course, after he showed off his strength, he could no longer pretend. It would definitely attract even more intense conspiracies and revenge, but there was no other way. He could only deal with it as it came.

In short, if he did not show off his strength, he would die. If he did, there was still a chance of survival. Why not give it a try?

"Damn it!"

Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's arms were numb. He never dreamed that the trash who usually acted like a fool would have such strength to withstand his Five Ghost Capture.

"I have dominated the battlefield and killed hundreds of people. How can I not take down this trash? Where is my face?" He was furious. His body let out a rumbling sound as he activated the Lightning Slash.

"Hmm?" Gu Chensha saw this momentum and was ready for battle.

The other party had rich combat experience. He could tell that when the Five Ghost Capture was activated, there was a feeling of ghosts crying and gods howling. If he had not practiced the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art for many days, his mind would have been taken away and he would have been killed by the other party.

The two of them faced each other. A life and death battle was about to begin. At this moment, a voice came from afar. It was a eunuch singing, "His Majesty has arrived!"

Thump!

Everyone knelt down, no longer in the mood to watch the show.

Gu Chensha and Gu Zhensha hurriedly knelt down and prostrated in the snow. No one was willing to be accused of disrespect at this time.

A carriage came from afar. Hundreds of imperial guards rode on horses and carried swords. Forty-nine strong men in yellow pushed a bright yellow carriage forward slowly. The carriage was lifted into the air by these strong men, gliding on the ground as if it was flying.

These strongmen were the "Yellow Turban Strongmen" raised by the imperial court, imitating the Divine Generals of the ancient Emperors.

Rumor has it that the ancient Son of Heaven was accompanied by a giant with boundless strength. It was said that the giant was wearing a yellow scarf, and in the records of ancient history, it was called the "Yellow Turban Strongman".

After the Heavenly Talisman Emperor ascended to the throne, he unified the four seas and intimidated the hundred countries. The guards of honor around him began to learn from the ancient Sons of Heaven. They selected a large number of grandmaster-level experts and trained them for many years to become the Yellow Turban Strongmen. This was not extravagance, but a way to nurture one's spirit with etiquette.

Beside the Yellow Turban Strongman, there were palace maids carrying golden lamps and incense burners. There were thirty-six of them. Other than that, there were also seventy-two eunuchs raising flags.

In the middle of the bright yellow carriage sat the number one expert under the heavens, the Lord of the Great Yong Dynasty, Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

"Long live His Majesty!" All the nobles and soldiers cheered.

"Get up, everyone."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor alighted from the carriage and entered the large tent that had been set up beforehand. The princes were the first to enter, followed by the nobles and ministers. The lower ranked officials stood outside.

The tent was heated, but there was no burning charcoal. Instead, there was a fiery red bead hanging from the ceiling. It was the "Fire Bead".

The "Fire Bead" was carved from ten-thousand-year-old warm jade. It was full of Yang energy and was in contact with the human body all year round. It could expel cold and dampness, strengthen the muscles and bones, strengthen the soul, and condense the will. This item was extremely rare and only the imperial family could use it.

Gu Chensha stood behind the princes and only felt the warm air assaulting his body. The cold energy in his bones dissipated as it massaged his body.

Some of the princes glanced at him. Some were shocked, some were solemn, some were murderous, and some were deep in thought.

Lou Baiyue stood on the other side. She seemed to have discovered something new and her eyes were full of deep meaning.

"I have to be careful of people coming to find trouble with me later." Gu Chensha was thinking.

At this moment, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor spoke, "I'm sure all of you understand the purpose of today's hunt. Next spring, the imperial court will launch an expedition against the Barbarian Race."

"Your Majesty is far-sighted and the imperial court is now strong. This is the best opportunity for us to launch an expedition." Lou Chongxiao was the first to speak.

"This time will be different from the past."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor waved his hand, "In the past, the generals would lead the troops and attack the Barbarian Race from all directions. This time, I want the princes to lead their troops and surround the Barbarian Race. Let's see which prince is the most outstanding. What do you all think?"

"Your subjects will obey Your Majesty's orders." The ministers bowed.

"Very good."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor surveyed the surroundings with satisfaction. Suddenly, his gaze landed on Gu Chensha, "Little Ten, did you use Lightning Slash earlier? Your blood and energy haven't calmed down yet and your killing intent is so thick. What are you doing? Who offended you?"

"Father Emperor."

Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha knelt down, "Your son was sparring with Nineteenth Brother. To think that Nineteenth Brother's martial arts had already reached the Grandmaster level. Even I couldn't do anything to him. I think that with Nineteenth Brother's martial arts, he would probably enter the Dao Realm and become the leader of the princes. Nineteenth Brother cultivated the Great Spirit God Technique of the Xian Dynasty and seemed to have activated the Giant Spirit Bloodline. It is said that as long as someone from the Xian Dynasty could activate the Giant Spirit Bloodline, the Xian Dynasty would prosper. I wonder if that is true."

"Sinister!"

The moment Gu Chensha heard this, he knew that although Tenth Prince looked rough and competitive, he was actually a scheming person. His words immediately pushed him into the teeth of the storm. He said that he would become the leader of the princes in the future. Something about the appearance of the Great Spirit God Bloodline and the rise of the Xian Dynasty. These were all words that hurt his heart.

"Father Emperor."

He hurriedly knelt down, "Just now, it was Tenth Brother who suddenly attacked. In my panic, it was too ferocious and I couldn't resist. Your son has no intention of fighting against my brother."

"What are you panicking for?" Heavenly Talisman Emperor wasn't angry, "I was the one who incited you to cultivate the Great Spirit God Technique. There are no weaklings among the sons of I, Gu Taxian. Also, people said that you have the bloodline of the Xian Dynasty and that the remnants of the Xian Dynasty would contact you. These are all lies. I believe that you can still differentiate between right and wrong."

"Father Emperor is wise."

Gu Chensha heaved a sigh of relief, "Your son knows that the world is at peace and the people are living in peace. This is the foundation of the dynasty and it is all thanks to Father Emperor's efforts. Even if there are remnants of the Xian Dynasty, they won't be able to do much. If they contact me, I will definitely capture them all and hand them over to the Imperial Court. I will then ask Father Emperor for an assignment to suppress the remnants of the Xian Dynasty. Your son has been indebted to Father Emperor for so many years, but I haven't done anything at all."

Hearing Gu Chensha's words, the surrounding princes, dukes, and nobles were shocked.

"This child is indeed treacherous. He is indeed hiding his strength and biding his time to show that he is useful to the Imperial Court. Indeed, the remnants of the Xian Dynasty have always been a thorn in the side of the Imperial Court. Now that this child has activated the Giant Spirit Force, I'm afraid that many of the remnants will contact him. Once those remnants are exposed, this child will be able to seize the opportunity to obtain an assignment." Lou Chongxiao suddenly realized that he had underestimated Gu Chensha.

"Very good!"

Heavenly Talisman Emperor praised, "Since you have the intention to contribute to the Imperial Court, I will naturally grant you your wish. Also, although the remnants of the Xian Dynasty aren't willing to submit to me, I don't want to kill them anymore. Back then, when I invaded the Xian Dynasty, I killed too many people. For example, that Grand Preceptor Wen Hong is a rare talent. If I can make use of him, it will save me a lot of trouble. Nineteen, listen up, and the other dukes in the Imperial Court as well. I can tolerate people, and so can the world. As long as it is beneficial to the Imperial Court, all of you can do whatever you want."

"Father Emperor is the true Son of Heaven."

Gu Chensha kowtowed repeatedly, "The ancient Son of Heaven controls the Heavenly Dao and is the closest to the Heavens. Your son has been studying the ancient books and gained some insights. If that Grand Preceptor Wen Hong really comes to contact me, I will definitely persuade him to work for the Imperial Court."

"Look, Nineteen isn't a fool."

Heavenly Talisman Emperor then said to Lou Baiyue, "Pass down my decree. Nineteenth Prince has great achievements in martial arts and is now an adult. He will be conferred the title of Duke of the Dusty Kingdom and be rewarded with a residence, fifty armored soldiers, and three hundred thousand gold coins. He will be in charge of handling the cleanup of the remnants of the Xian Dynasty."

"Your son thanks Father!" Gu Chensha was overjoyed, he knew that he had gambled correctly.

He circulated the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art and imitated the bloodline of the Great Spirit God.

"Gao Ling, present." The chief stewards of the six palaces knelt down without a sound.

"I know that the Internal Affairs Department has been embezzling Nineteen's allowance for the past few years. How audacious of you to use a slave to bully your master. After all, Nineteen is my son. No matter how unfavored he is, I should be the one to deal with him. Do you think you have the right to deal with him?" Heavenly Talisman Emperor's tone turned harsh.

"Your Majesty is right, this is your son's mistake."

Chief Steward Gao Ling said, "As for those eunuchs who embezzled Nineteenth Prince's allowance, your son will deal with them tomorrow. This time around, your son will arrange for the various rewards in Nineteenth Prince's residence."

This conversation caused many princes and ministers to look at each other in dismay.

In the past, Nineteenth Prince was not favored at all. Today, he seemed to be suddenly recognized. This was a signal.

The key point was that Gu Chensha had obtained the task of appeasing the remnants of Xian Dynasty. This was equivalent to obtaining the qualifications to establish his own power. In the future, he would be able to recruit aides and do great things. Many princes were secretly on guard. It seemed like there would be another competitor in the future.

"Father, your son has something to say." Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha took two steps forward and knelt down.

"Speak." Heavenly Talisman Emperor seemed to be in a good mood today.

"Your son and Nineteenth Brother's martial arts match has yet to be decided. Why don't we have another match in the imperial presence?"

Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's expression was cold and murderous. "Today is Father's hunt. Nineteenth Brother and I will have a martial arts match to liven things up."

He knew that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was a martial artist and liked it when the princes competed with each other.

"There is no need for a martial arts match. I have conferred a title to the Nineteenth Prince today. You are probably not convinced in your hearts. Tenth Prince, you have the highest cultivation out of all the princes other than the older princes. You have also led troops to fight the barbarians and killed several barbarian generals."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor stood up, "Marquis Jushi has captured many barbarian experts and brought them here today. They have been kept in the mountains and today will be a test of your combat skills. Princes cannot kill each other in a match, but you can kill these barbarian experts. Do you understand? If you want to gain experience, you need to see blood. Being benevolent is only for humans. These barbarians believe in wild beasts and demons, eating humans alive. You must eliminate all evil!"

"Your son will obey." 