Chapter 30
=========

The surface of the river was extremely wide. Due to the cold weather, there were very few ships coming and going. They were not afraid of bumping into other ships at such a fast speed.

The Fire Shark Warship gradually left the capital city. At first, it was a flat stretch of land. Looking around, there were densely packed towns along the canal. However, after traveling for a few hundred miles, it gradually became barren and the plains became hills. After traveling for a thousand miles, there were high mountains on both sides of the canal. The surface of the river was also a little narrower. The current was obviously very rapid. The Fire Shark Warship was actually a little shaky as it roared.

From time to time, the cries of apes could be heard from the high mountains. Under the night sky, it seemed a little desolate and terrifying.

"Princess, it's already the hour of the fifth lunar month. The ship has arrived at Stone Prefecture. Should we find a place to rest or continue forward? If we continue forward, it might be dangerous in the dark."

Someone came to report. This person stood straight like a javelin that pierced through the sky. His martial arts aura was sharp.

"What hour of the fifth lunar month? It's twenty o'clock," Lou Baiyue took out her pocket watch and looked at it. "His Majesty has just announced a new time. You guys have to learn it well. When we get back, I will reward you with a pocket watch. There's no need to stop at the shore. Continue forward. Turn on the moonstone and hurry through the night."

"Thank you, Princess," the man quickly knelt down. "Spear slave obeys. Also, His Highness Gu Chensha has left the room and went to the deck to get some fresh air."

"Let's go," Lou Baiyue put on her clothes and walked to the deck on top of the warship.

The deck was very wide and could accommodate a few hundred people. It was all made of steel and there were thick iron railings on all sides to prevent people from falling when the ship was shaky.

However, the cold wind was so strong that standing on the deck would make it hard for people to breathe. If it was an ordinary person, they might even be blown away.

However, Gu Chensha did not move at all. The strong wind made his clothes flutter. He looked at the ink-like mountains in the distance and no one knew what he was thinking.

"Rumor has it that Stone Prefecture used to be a stretch of mountains that spanned a few thousand miles. It was difficult for apes and monkeys to cross. There was no canal at all. However, after my father ascended the throne, the thousands of miles of mountains were suddenly split open and formed this canal. It then gradually expanded and became an important waterway. This is simply a miracle. I can't imagine how much supernatural power is needed to achieve this. With my current strength, I can at most move a ten thousand kilogram boulder. Even if there were ten thousand of me and I spent hundreds of years, it would still be impossible for me to open up such a huge canal in the mountains."

Gu Chensha looked at the steep cliffs around him, the deep rapids, and the wide river. It was hard to imagine that this was the work of man ten years ago.

He had studied geography before. More than ten years ago, the map of this place was a mountain that was connected to another mountain. There were no roads or bridges, let alone rivers.

Ever since he was young, he had never left the capital. Now that he was out, he was greatly shocked by what he saw along the way.

"The entire Stone Province can be said to be a barren land. Every dynasty has been a hidden danger. In the mountains, there are countless evil sects, bandits, and people from the pugilistic world. The army can't encircle them at all. Only during the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty did His Majesty use a supreme technique to move the mountains and turn the land into a river. This greatly improved the situation in Stone Province. In the past, if we wanted to go to the border, we had to go around Stone Province. This way, the army would have to travel thousands of miles. As for the other benefits, they are innumerable."

Lou Baiyue also went up to the deck. The sky gradually darkened. The surrounding mountains were stacked one after another like a giant demon overlooking the river. In addition to the mournful and cold night wind and the incessant cries of the apes, a terrifying artistic conception pressed on.

Gu Chensha felt that it was very refreshing. Compared to the scenery in the capital, this place had a different flavor. He observed the landscape of the mountains and rivers and seemed to have a deeper understanding of martial arts. Reading ten thousand books was not as good as walking ten thousand miles.

Swoosh!

As he spoke, a ray of light shot out from the ship and spread out, illuminating the river surface snow-white. He was no longer afraid of crashing into cliffs in the dark. This was a moonstone spotlight, something from the Celestial Designer Institute.

At this moment, the night birds on both sides of the mountain suddenly flew up. Countless apes cried out in fear and fled in the forest, as if something terrible had happened.

And on the surface of the river where the moonstone spotlight shone, a black figure appeared, bobbing up and down in the water, rapidly approaching the Fire Shark Ship.

"Enemy attack!" The experts on the ship's cabin also discovered that something was wrong.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The alarm bell rang, and all the experts on the ship moved out in an orderly manner.

"Ignorant fools," Lou Baiyue had already expected this. Her face was as cold as frost.

"Who are these people? How dare they attack the imperial envoy's ship?"

Gu Chensha's eyes were sharp. He looked at the black figure on the surface of the river. It was a mysterious person wearing a black fish skin suit. He had just emerged from the water when he dove into the bottom of the Fire Shark Ship.

The river's surface was surging, and there were even undercurrents and whirlpools at the bottom. Even fish would be exhausted, let alone humans.

It was basically impossible to survive after falling into the water here. Yet these people could actually swim underwater as if it was flat land. They were either gifted or powerful. Or both.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

These people approached the ship in the water, and actually climbed up the ship like lizards. They were agile, and their temperament was cold and terrifying.

The Fire Shark Ship was smooth and slippery, and there was nothing to climb on. However, these people had suction cups on their palms, and easily jumped up.

"These are barbarians. They are wearing black dragon fish skin. This skin is tough enough to block swords and spears, and has the ability to increase speed, keep warm, and waterproof in the water."

Lou Baiyue's eyes were filled with disdain. "They should be coming for me. That day at Nanshan Hunting Ground, dozens of barbarians sacrificed themselves, stirring up the spirit of the barbarian evil god, and turning them into demons. However, they were killed by me. In the eyes of the barbarians, this is already a blasphemy against the god. That evil god also sensed it, and must have sent down an oracle in the barbarian temples. Whoever can kill me as a sacrifice will be rewarded by the evil god. In addition, I have obtained the true essence of the ancient Son of Heaven, 'Void', and am an incomparably powerful sacrifice. If you capture me as a sacrifice, the rewards will be unimaginable. Do you regret boarding my ship?"

"These barbarians are beasts in human form. There is no way to change them, and the only way is to kill them. After they capture someone, the first thing they do is to kill them as a sacrifice, and then eat their flesh. I also want to train my martial arts, and increase my experience. It will be better if the barbarians attack."

As Gu Chensha spoke, he saw a few black shadows leaping onto the deck, and diving down like ferocious beasts.

Chi chi chi...

Black lines as thin as mosquito whiskers flashed in front of him.

"Damn it, Armor Breaking Mosquito Whiskers!" Lou Baiyue waved her big sleeves, and those black lines were all sucked into it. However, black smoke came out of her sleeves, and it was actually corroded by poison.

"Armor Breaking Mosquito Whiskers!" Gu Chensha was also smart, and dodged with all his might. Those mosquito whiskers shot onto the deck, and even steel emitted a pungent smell, not to mention flesh and blood.

Armor Breaking Mosquito Whiskers were extremely poisonous hidden weapons. They were installed in iron pipes, and when they were shot out, they could hit an enemy within a hundred steps in the blink of an eye. Even armor could not withstand it. There was a corrosive poison on it, and if a person touched it, they would turn into pus and blood. This was the forbidden weapon of the Dexterous Hand Pavilion, the most mysterious sect in Jianghu.

The Dexterous Hand Pavilion was destroyed by the imperial court, and many valuable craftsmen were subdued and brought into the Heaven Palace Sect for research, but some important people had escaped. This information was recorded in the imperial family, and even the princes had to read it in class.

Chi chi chi chi...

More and more barbarians climbed onto the deck, and every barbarian master had Armor Breaking Mosquito Whiskers in their hands, and they shot them at Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha randomly. As long as they were hit by one, unless they had cultivated to the third change of the Tao Realm, with copper skin and iron bones, they would die without a doubt.

"Go to hell!" Lou Baiyue's speed increased so much that the naked eye could not follow her movements, and the Armor Breaking Mosquito Whiskers could not hit her at all.

Bang, bang, bang!

She waved her big sleeves again, and three to five barbarian masters had their internal organs smashed, and they fell into the water. In the blink of an eye, they were washed away by the torrent and buried in the stomachs of the fish.

Gu Chensha also knew that this was the real battle. Although it was thrilling to fight with the barbarian generals in the South Mountain Hunt, he had been accompanied by the royal masters the whole time. If there was real danger, the masters would not just watch the princes get hurt or die.

But now it was different. If he was hit by a mosquito's whisker, he would die without a burial place. This thrilling excitement made the blood in his whole body boil.

The Great Spirit God Technique: Move Mountains, Overturn Rivers, and Overturn Seas.

He used the three techniques without thinking. On the deck of the mountain, the wind howled, and the airflow formed a whirlpool, making people unsteady. He approached the barbarian master, stretched out his long arm, and grabbed his opponent's face. He used his five fingers to hook inwards.

Bang!

The barbarian master's head was like a rotten watermelon.

Gu Chensha suddenly thought, "The barbarians are ferocious, and they are the evilest people. Gu Tianzi's achievement was to kill barbarians as a sacrifice to the heavens. Can I try to make a sacrifice now?"

Immediately, his mind moved, and he communicated with the sacrificial altar formed by the sacrificial talisman in the depths of his mind.

Suddenly, under his claw, a ball formed by the blood and souls of the barbarians was sucked into the sacrificial altar's green light space.

And the barbarian master collapsed, as if all his life essence had been sucked out, and he became a rotten piece of wood. Gu Chensha was afraid that Lou Baiyue would be suspicious, so he kicked the master into the river.

"I didn't expect the sacrificial talisman to have such an ability after transforming into a sacrificial altar. I understand now. The sacrificial talisman is the most powerful magical treasure since ancient times, how can it only have the ability to make sacrifices? After I got it, the reason why I couldn't develop its ability was because I didn't have the Emperor's Aura. Only when His Majesty uses the Emperor's Aura to nourish this talisman can the talisman gradually reveal its mysteries."

Gu Chensha was enlightened, and he understood. The sacrificial talisman needed the Emperor's Aura.

The Emperor's Aura was the mysterious power that made all living beings bow down to you, and listen to your orders. This power was the rule.

Think about it. Even if His Majesty was lying on the sickbed without the strength to truss a chicken and was on his last breath, with a single word from him, he could cause the world to bleed, kill nine generations of people, and bestow riches and honor to people with a single thought. Based on what?

It was authority, rules, and etiquette. When authority, rules, and etiquette were nurtured to the extreme, the Emperor's Aura would be born. 