Chapter 43
=========

Crack!

With a twist of his hand, Gu Chensha crushed the steel lock and opened the chest. Inside were gold, jewels, and all kinds of jewelry. Not to mention, they must have been looted from other places. This chest was worth at least seventy to eighty thousand eternal yuan coins.

He opened more than ten chests in a row and found that they were all treasures, worth at least a million yuan.

"I need money to build a mansion, so Father gave me three hundred thousand yuan. It's not even enough to fill the gaps between my teeth," He grabbed the chests and threw them into the altar space.

Anyway, the altar space was not big, but it was not small either. It would not be a problem to store the entire warehouse. There were more than ten chests here. Other than treasures, there were also pills.

Gu Chensha opened the chest on the west side of the warehouse. Inside were bottles of red pills the size of mung beans. They had a slight fragrance and did not seem like poison. They were used to increase one's strength and strengthen one's body.

"This should be the 'Blood Strengthening Pill' consumed by the barbarian nobles. It is an ancient prescription passed down by the temple shamans. There are witchcraft elements in it. Long-term consumption can indeed increase one's cultivation and expel impurities from the body. The medical department of the imperial court has studied it. Some of the lower class rich families in the imperial court would secretly do business with the barbarians. They would exchange porcelain, silk, and tea leaves for these pills to train their disciples to strengthen their bodies," Gu Chensha also collected the chests containing the pills.

The Blood Strengthening Pill was expensive and sold well. Many local families risked being eaten by the barbarians to do business. There was an endless stream of smuggling at the border.

Although the effect of the Tiger Wolf Pill was ten thousand times stronger, Gu Chensha would not leave it for the barbarians and the evil cult.

Moreover, there were more than ten chests of Blood Strengthening Pills, which could be sold for hundreds of thousands of yuan.

The chest in the north was once again opened by him. Inside were sets of armor made from some unknown animal's skin. They were light and tough, covering the entire body. They seemed to be very valuable as well. Gu Chensha also collected them. He would equip the guards in the future.

He walked around and found that there were treasures, pills, and armor. He put them all into his bag and walked to the center of the warehouse. In the center was a large chest, which was the one that the group of people had carried in.

Gu Chensha grabbed the steel lock and twisted it fiercely, but it did not break. The lock was made of unknown metal, but it was terrifyingly strong.

"What? With my current strength, I can completely crush iron into mud, but this lock can't break?" He took out the prototype of the Demon Descending Blade and fiercely slashed it. Only then did the lock break and fall to the ground.

Opening the chest, Zhang Xuan found that it was not a treasure, nor was it a weapon, but a human skeleton.

The color of the skeleton was sparkling and translucent like jade. It was not the greyish white color of a dead person, but it was definitely a person. He could clearly feel the majesty of a cultivator from above.

"Jade Glass Body." Gu Chensha thought to himself. "This person's skeleton is made of glass. It records what he looks like after reaching the Nine Transformations of Dao Realm and the Glass Jade Body. I don't know what this skeleton can be used for. Go back and read more books. I'll keep it for now."

He also placed the box into the Sacrificial Heaven Space. The entire warehouse was swept clean by him.

Then, he walked to the side of the door and stabbed the prototype of the Demon Descending Blade into the door, digging out a piece the size of a washbasin. He leaped up and carried the piece of door to the outside before stuffing it back in.

There were a few disciples guarding outside the warehouse. When they heard the commotion, they looked over. But before they came back to their senses, Gu Chensha knocked them out. He dragged them to a secluded area and continued to walk in.

This time he was here to assassinate experts. He had made a small fortune, but that didn't satisfy his appetite. He had to kill at least one or two Dao Realm demons.

"Eh? The buildings here don't seem right. They seem to have formed some sort of formation." As he walked, he realized that the layout of the buildings wasn't right. They were crooked like a maze. The walls were made of gold, silver, copper, iron, and other materials. The ground was uneven and there were many ravines. The air trembled slightly. The Feng Shui buildings were drawing on some sort of energy. He felt really relaxed, like he was sitting in the wind, moon, and spring.

"Is this a Spirit Gathering Formation?" He hid in the corner and observed once more. "It must be a Spirit Gathering Formation."

Using a certain construction method to adjust Feng Shui could also gather Heaven and Earth Spiritual Energy. It was just that it wasn't as easy as Dao Realm. However, when one cultivated in the Spirit Gathering Formation, they would be cleansed by Spiritual Energy and their cultivation speed would be ten times faster than normal people.

However, building a Spirit Gathering Formation required a lot of money and required experts to build it. They also had to bury precious materials underground, which often cost millions or even tens of millions. Even a prince's residence would find it hard to build one.

Inhale... Inhale...

Suddenly, a loud breathing sound spread out from the depths of the Spirit Gathering Formation. This breathing ability was like that of a giant dragon and definitely wasn't human.

This was because every time he inhaled, the air would surge inwards and when he exhaled, the air would surge back like a tide.

"An expert is cultivating. No wonder he needs to use the Spirit Gathering Formation. Looking at this breathing aura, his cultivation is probably above that of the Black Ghost Bat. I wonder what kind of demon it is? Or is it a Barbarian Race God Envoy? If I can kill this person, then this trip won't be in vain."

Gu Chensha had already killed the Black Ghost Bat and that was already a huge contribution. If he killed another expert of the same level, even if he lost Ba Nan Province, it would be a huge contribution. A Dao Realm expert was much more important than a province.

He followed the breathing and hid, using Sun and Moon Transformation to hide his aura, so he wasn't noticed.

After a dozen turns and passing through layers of corridors and screens, he suddenly saw a small garden. The interior was exquisitely decorated, and there were eighteen flags planted around it. Each flag was embroidered with a majestic and profound dragon. The dragon was multicolored, with its head raised and chest puffed out, as if it was about to break through the sky and fly away. The surroundings were embroidered with layers of talismans to trap the dragon.

The positions of the flags seemed to correspond to the stars in the sky. Along with the Spirit Gathering Formation, it could be used to shift and transform energy.

At the center of the eighteen flags sat a person.

This person looked to be around thirty years old. He had a pale gold complexion, a high nose, thick eyebrows, and a long face. His eyes were closed and he had a noble aura. He didn't look evil or demonic. He didn't look like a barbarian or a demon.

"Could this person be..." Gu Chensha sensed carefully and realized that the dragon on the flag was very similar to the Great Wei Dynasty dragon that he had obtained from the Black Ghost Bat. Apart from that, this person's aura also had the aura of an emperor. If it wasn't the Great Yong Dynasty's emperor aura, then without a doubt, he was a noble of the Great Wei Dynasty.

Thinking back to the Black Ghost Bat's conferment, there was no doubt that the Great Wei Dynasty, which was so far away, had their hands in the Great Yong Dynasty's border.

"Who is it!" The man suddenly opened his eyes and looked in Gu Chensha's direction. As he looked at Gu Chensha, his body leaped up, and his eyes landed on Gu Chensha.

"Not good!" Before Gu Chensha could react, he saw everything disappear. What replaced it was a giant dragon claw descending from the sky, trying to capture him.

"What powerful martial arts." Ever since he had mastered the Sun and Moon Transformation, there were very few people who could affect his mind with pure martial arts aura.

In the blink of an eye, the sun and moon alternated in his mind, and Yin and Yang reunited. The world became clear again, and all the illusions disappeared. However, the man's palm slammed down on his head, and a sharp wind formed a spiral that enveloped him completely. His surroundings became a wall of air, and he had nowhere to run. He could only stay where he was and watch as he was killed by the man.

Bang!

As the man's palm closed, a giant whirlwind wave condensed into a small tornado where Gu Chensha was, making a buzzing sound. But Gu Chensha had disappeared.

"Hm?" The man had not expected such a change. He looked around, but there were no traces. He could not help but frown. "Could it be an illusion? I'm about to break through, and there's an illusion of a demon? But it doesn't matter. That skeleton should have been transported from the Barbarians. I paid a huge price to exchange for it. Once it arrives, I can use the Heavenly Dragon Bone Changing Technique. That way, I'll have the confidence to break through."

Dang dang dang...

At that moment, the alarm outside rang.

"Enemy attack? What's going on?" The man walked out of the garden. At that moment, someone flew over. It was a young man who looked like a scholar, and he had an evil aura. The man waved his hand. "Yin-Yang Scholar, is there an invasion?"

"Your Highness, someone broke in and stole the skeleton that was exchanged from the Barbarians' Temple of Maha. You should go take a look," The evil scholar let out a sharp voice.

"What?" The man called "Your Highness" by Yin-Yang Scholar had disappeared in a flash. He had clearly gone far away.

The Yin Yang Scholar didn't follow. Instead, he greedily looked at the eighteen flags in the garden. His eyes flickered with an evil light. "The Heavenly Dragon Spirit Condensing Flag can gather spiritual qi and turn it into spiritual liquid. With this flag, my cultivation speed will increase by ten times. The powerful dragon qi on the flag can also help me raise my dignity and expel my heart-devils. It's even more useful for corrupt cultivators. What a pity, what a pity. The Great Wei Dynasty is too strong. I can't offend this Lord Gu. The Barbarians are unreliable. It's better to enter the Great Wei Dynasty and become a lord. It'll be much better if I have a backer."

Yin-Yang Scholar turned and was about to leave.

Chi la!

At that moment, sword light burst out, covering the sky and earth. The sun and moon were destroyed, and they completely surrounded him.

"What is this?" Yin-Yang Scholar turned around and punched out layers of fist energy, trying to shake off the person who had sneakily attacked him. But he only saw the scorching sun fall from the sky, the earth destroyed, and the bright moon hidden, exploding in the air. Doomsday had arrived, and a catastrophe had appeared. He felt that he had committed a heinous sin. He could not be in the sun and moon, not in time and space, not in ghosts and gods, not in the mortal world. He was abandoned by men and gods, killed by ghosts and gods, and cursed by the heavens and men.

Puchi!

All of his attacks were drowned in the sword light. This sword light destroyed everything, defeated everything, and punished everything. It was almost the power of the Heavenly Dao. He did not even see clearly who the attacker was before his head was cut off.

Gu Chensha grabbed his head and body and sent them into the altar space. He then rushed to the courtyard and pulled out all eighteen flags like he was pulling out carrots and sent them into the altar space. Then, he ran and started to leave. 