Chapter 27
=========

The place where he found the Heaven Worship Talisman wasn't the real library of the royal family. It was just a place where books were discarded. The truly valuable books were kept in the depths of the royal garden.

"Lord Nineteen, you're a rare guest. Let me lead the way."

In the garden, there were a few eunuchs following beside Gu Chensha. They were respectful and had a different attitude.

The news of the Nineteenth Prince being conferred the title of Duke and being valued by Heavenly Talisman Emperor spread like wildfire. Even the eunuchs didn't dare to offend him.

"This is the first time I've been to the royal library. Indeed, all the books in the world are here."

Gu Chensha observed the surroundings. He discovered that the palaces were all covered in gold leaf, inlaid with jade, and hung with pearls. Countless eunuchs and palace maids were cleaning and guarding the place.

"Lord Nineteen, every hall is classified. There are classics, history, literature, astronomy, geography, culture, secret news, aristocratic families, agriculture, military, Confucianism, Buddhism, Daoism... thirty-six categories. I can read these as I please. Only the martial arts cultivation manuals and the higher level manuals can be borrowed in the secret chamber. Which one would you like to see?"

"I don't want to read martial arts. I want to read history and etiquette," Gu Chensha waved his hand. "You can leave, there's no need to follow me."

"Yes."

The ancient sacrificial rites were records of history and etiquette.

Entering the hall, the ten zhang tall bookshelves made one's head spin. Countless books were arranged in layers, and many eunuchs and palace maids were cleaning the place all day long. There was a bookshelf with a catalog of the books in the hall. Just the catalog alone had more than a hundred books. Gu Chensha flipped through them casually. He wasn't in a hurry.

An hour later, according to the table of contents, he took out an ancient history of the Emperor and carefully flipped through it.

The ancient history of the emperors recorded the deeds of many emperors. The true records that had been passed down from ancient times were very vast. The ones that Gu Chensha had read in the past were fragmented fragments and were far less detailed than the records in the royal library.

The ancient Emperors, what they did, what wars they experienced, how they conducted the sacrificial rites, were all described in detail.

He continued reading and flipped through the ancient etiquette books. He pretended to read more books until the sky turned dark. Only then did he start looking for what he was looking for.

"Hmm? Moral Pill!" His heart was thumping wildly as he discovered the key item.

In the ancient history of the Son of Heaven, there was such a passage: "The Son of Heaven carved the Yin and Yang Jade Plate with patterns carved on it, able to gather the essence of the sun and moon. Using the souls of the White Tiger, Black Snake, Yellow Tortoise, Green Fox, and Scarlet Eagle to stimulate the Five Elements and use the Son of Heaven's Aura as a sacrifice to the Heavens, one could obtain the Moral Pill. This pill is a pill that opens the path and nourishes virtue. If you reach the peak of the Mortal Realm and reach the Martial Barrier, you will be able to step into the Dao Realm after swallowing it..."

Moral Pill!

There was actually such a pill that could allow a Grandmaster to break through and reach the Dao Realm.

"It's the Son of Heaven's Aura again."

Gu Chensha knew that there were all sorts of sacrificial techniques recorded in the book, but the core was still the Son of Heaven's Qi, the essence of the sun and moon, and the souls of the Five Elements vicious beasts.

"It's not a good thing to step into the Dao Realm with the power of the pill. I want to break through the Martial Barrier with my own will. However, I don't need it for myself. I can use it to train my subordinates or even exchange for treasures. If I have a Moral Pill, I'm afraid everyone would exchange their lives for it."

Gu Chensha thought to himself. He continued reading and was shocked! He found an even more shocking sacrificial rites.

"The ancient Emperors used human blood to burn grass and light lamps. They used the souls of people as sacrifices to obtain the Heavenly Dew. The Water of Heavenly Dew can be used by anyone to speed up cultivation, cleanse impurities, strengthen meridians, expand acupoints, increase one's potential, and increase one's limit. It can cure all kinds of poisons and has all sorts of incredible uses..."

Gu Chensha was shocked when he read up to this point: "Killing people as a sacrifice? That's not what a kind person would do."

Then, he continued reading.

"To kill people as a sacrifice to the Heavens, one needs to kill evil people. Evil people have the face of a human but the heart of a beast. For such beasts, killing one person will save a hundred, punishing evil and doing good. Sweeping away the evil energy of Heaven and Earth, one will be rewarded with the Heavenly Dew."

Seeing this, Gu Chensha nodded his head: "So it's to kill evil people. These people have evil energy, evil energy, evil energy, evil energy, and ferocious energy wrapped around their souls. Sacrificing such souls to the Heavens is to sweep away the obstacles between Heaven and Earth. Thus, the Sweet Dew Spring will descend."

He thought of those Barbarian Generals. They were all fierce and vicious, cruel and bloodthirsty to the bone. Most importantly, they were bewitched by the Evil God. They killed and ate humans, as if killing them was a sacrificial offering. However, it was also a righteous act to obtain the heavenly dew.

The Heavenly Dew couldn't increase one's realm, but it could increase one's potential.

For example, a warrior's greatest strength was to pull a fierce horse. However, if he consumed the Heavenly Dew, his strength could double or even more. However, he wouldn't be able to become a Martial Master.

"Right, although Lou Baiyue hasn't stepped into the Dao Realm, she has exceeded the limit. Did she consume something like the Heavenly Dew?" Gu Chensha suddenly thought about it.

Lou Baiyue's strength far exceeded that of a Grandmaster. Even Gu Chensha who cultivated the Sun and Moon Training couldn't compare to her. It would be weird if she didn't consume treasures. Of course, this was also because he had cultivated for too short a period of time.

If he cultivated the Sun and Moon Body for ten years, or even dozens of years, then his meridians and blood would be strengthened, and he would be able to cultivate the Sun and Moon Dragon Body. Even if he did not enter the Dao Realm, he would far surpass Lou Baiyue.

"The sky is dark and you are still reading here?"

Gu Chensha was engrossed in reading. Suddenly, he sensed something and raised his head. A girl walked in from the entrance of the hall. Lou Baiyue.

She had changed her clothes. It was light green and she didn't have any makeup on. Her face was creamy and she had a clean temperament. She brought along a cool breeze that made people want to get close to her.

In the past, she was cold and aloof. People didn't dare to get close to her. But now, her temperament had changed. She was calm and distant.

"You stepped into the Dao Realm?" Gu Chensha's expression changed.

"You have good eyes." Lou Baiyue said casually. "If I can't break through after getting the Disaster Golden Pill, then how can I continue cultivating?"

"Breaking through to the Dao Realm is a transformation of the soul and temperament. It has nothing to do with the pill," Gu Chensha asked tentatively.

"Indeed, breaking through with the help of the pill isn't considered a breakthrough." Lou Baiyue agreed. "But it is true that there was a Moral Pill in the ancient times that can break through the barriers of learning martial arts. Are you here to learn the God Sacrifice Technique?"

"I'm just taking a look." Gu Chensha noticed that Lou Baiyue was becoming more and more serious. He became vigilant. This woman wasn't a good person. Although she showed signs of protecting him, from her words and actions, he was afraid that she was not a friend.

"Are you here to read today?"

"No, I'm here to find you." Lou Baiyue waved her hand. The eunuchs who were cleaning up retreated far away. She had no right to order the eunuchs in the royal garden. But now, the whole court knew that she was favored by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor doted on her more than any prince. Who dared to offend her?

Gu Chensha listened to her quietly.

"His Majesty ordered me to help you recruit the remnants of the Xian Dynasty. At the same time, I have to appease the people of the Xian Dynasty. I have to make contributions in this matter."

Lou Baiyue already had a plan in mind. "You also know that there are only three months left before the warm spring flowers bloom. Our dynasty's army will go on an expedition to the barbarians and completely wipe them out. The base of the army will be Xian Province. The people of this place are valiant. The incense of the Great Spirit God is strong. Every household worships him. There are also many temples. His Majesty gave me a secret decree. He wants us to patrol this place and appease the people. At the same time, we have to exterminate the demons. In three months, the army will have a stable rear."

Gu Chensha understood as soon as he heard this. This was indeed the most important thing.

Xian Province was the former Great Xian Empire. After it was destroyed, it was transferred to the Dayong Dynasty and became Xian Province.

The Xian Empire bordered the barbarians and had been at war with them all year round. Therefore, the people were valiant. They didn't worship etiquette but power. Because of this, the faith of the Great Spirit God couldn't be extinguished.

The location of Xian Province was very important. In order to turn this place into a base to resist the barbarians, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor didn't dare to destroy the temples and could only appease the people.

Gu Chensha was the son of Princess Xian Chao. Recently, he had 'activated the bloodline of the Great Spirit God'. It was best to send him to patrol and appease the people.

As long as Xian Province was pacified within these few months, the army would not cause trouble when they were stationed there. After the barbarians were wiped out, the faith of the Great Spirit God could be uprooted.

Gu Chensha's political awareness wasn't low. He immediately understood this point.

At the same time, he also understood that this was a great opportunity for him. Not only did he not have to make contributions, but he also had to step out of the cage and return to the sea. There were countless eyes watching him at all times in the capital. There was no room for expansion.

Lou Baiyue saw his solemn expression. He seemed to be deep in thought. She knew that this person had understood the main point. She was shocked. "When I gave him the power of the Great Spirit God, I thought he was young and frivolous. He didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth. I didn't expect him to be reborn in such a short period of time. He can even fight against the tenth brother. It seems like he has many secrets. He might not be as simple as I think."

"If that's the case, the imperial edict should be coming soon." Gu Chensha said. "Patrolling Xian Province, preparing provisions, and pacifying the local people. These are important matters of state. We have to make preparations first."

As soon as he finished speaking, a voice came from outside the hall. "There is an imperial edict. Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, receive the imperial edict."

A group of eunuchs came in. The eunuch in the lead had thick eyebrows and big eyes. He looked very peaceful. The other eunuchs were also holding the imperial edict and other items.

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue quickly knelt down.

"The imperial edict is to order Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha to go to Xian Province. They are to prepare provisions for the army, pacify the local people, inspect the army, eliminate the barbarian spies, and prevent the demons from causing trouble. They are to be bestowed with the imperial envoy token, a sword, and a dragon flag."

After the eunuch announced the imperial edict, he took out another imperial edict. "By the decree of Heaven, Lou Baiyue has made many contributions. Although she is not a niece of the imperial family, I do not confine her to talent. She is specially conferred as Princess Yuefu."

"What? Conferred the title of Princess? Doesn't that mean her title will be the same as her father, Lou Chongxiao?" Gu Chensha was shocked. "What does Imperial Father mean by bestowing so many favors? No matter how much he dotes on her, bestowing favors like this is too much. I'm afraid it will cause criticism in the court."

Only the daughter of the imperial family could be conferred the title of Princess.

According to the rules, if the daughter of His Majesty was recognized, she could be conferred the title of Princess. And the daughter of the Prince could be conferred the title of Princess. But now that Lou Baiyue was an outsider, bestowing the title of Princess was an unprecedented event. 