Chapter 8
========

Gu Chensha continued reading late into the night. He was searching for clues about the Emperor's God Investiture Technique.

"The Emperor's God Investiture Technique—an ancient secret art. Rumor says only those who have the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman can understand it. If I learn this, I won't have to live such a useless life."

He blew out the candle but didn't sleep. Instead, he kept reading in the dark.

Ever since he sacrificed the bear, wolf, and python souls, his eyes were like lightning. He could see clearly in darkness. He only needed two hours of sleep to feel fully energized. He spent the rest of his time reading and practicing martial arts.

Other princes worked hard to fight for power. But he worked hard just to stay alive. So he had to work even harder.

He could read ten lines at once. His memory had improved greatly too. Although he didn't have perfect recall, he wasn't far from it. He flipped through books one by one with extremely high efficiency.

Suddenly, he became excited. He found this passage in a history book:

"The Emperor ruled the world and held great power. He controlled life and death, gathering the power of all living beings. With a word, he could move mountains and fill seas."

"The ancient Emperor held the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, so such power wasn't strange. But the current Emperor doesn't have the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, yet he can still command the people. Why? Because of the rules of etiquette."

"Etiquette was deeply rooted in people's hearts. All living beings feared the Emperor's power. The stars held the moon, and thousands of glory gathered in one person. Etiquette could be said to be the ultimate Dao."

"Because the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman was lost, the human race had no leader and inevitably killed each other. So the Saints created etiquette to replace Heaven's will. Etiquette became Heaven's will."

"Therefore, although the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman was lost, the Emperor's edict still had the Emperor's Qi."

"The only flaw was that the ancient Emperor sat on the throne and used Emperor's Qi to activate the Heaven Investiture Art. Now, this martial art has become the ultimate..."

This was some great scholar's opinion in the history books. But when Gu Chensha saw it, it was like finding a peerless treasure.

Simply put, the Emperor's edict contained Emperor's Qi. As long as he got an edict and offered it as sacrifice, he could understand the Emperor's God Investiture Art!

The Emperor wasn't the true Son of Heaven, but he was respected by the people. He commanded the world and held great power. As time passed, the dignity of etiquette became deeply rooted in people's hearts. It would interfere with Heavenly Dao and naturally form a trace of Emperor's Qi.

Ordinary countries and imperial courts wouldn't have the aura of the Son of Heaven. But the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty was different.

Gu Chensha knew that after a few decades, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's achievements would increase and his empire's fate would grow stronger. At that time, even without the Heavenly Talisman, he would be no different from ancient Sons of Heaven.

For ordinary people, getting the Emperor's Imperial Edict would be almost impossible. But Gu Chensha was a prince, so it was relatively easy for him.

"The imperial edict... I think I have one here. It's the edict that gave mother the title of Imperial Noble Consort."

Gu Chensha got up and found a small box deep in his cabinet. There were some relics inside, including an imperial edict. This was left behind by his mother after she committed suicide.

"As the Princess of Xian Dynasty, mother received countless treasures as dowry. But after her death, the eunuchs took everything away on orders from other concubines and princes. Only these ordinary items were left behind."

Thinking of this, Gu Chensha felt angry.

Those people saw no point in taking the title-conferring edict. Otherwise, they would have taken everything.

Unfortunately, Gu Chensha was still young then. How would he know to protect his mother's inheritance?

Over the years, he gradually found out which concubines and princes had his mother's precious treasures. He would take them back in the future.

He unfolded the imperial edict. A large blood-red seal caught his eyes—the Imperial Jade Seal. There were six large words: "The Emperor's Treasure." But it wasn't the four bird-shaped words "Ordered by the Heavens."

The Emperor's Imperial Jade Seal had specific uses. The real Imperial Jade Seal could only be used to issue imperial edicts and offer sacrifices to heaven and earth. Other imperial seals had their own purposes.

For example, "The Emperor's Treasure" was used to confer titles to concubines and imperial family relatives.

Although it wasn't the Imperial Jade Seal, it was still a symbol of imperial power and contained Emperor's Qi. More importantly, the person who issued this edict was still in power, so the Emperor's Qi hadn't faded. If this were a previous Emperor's edict, it would be useless. The world had changed masters, and the Emperor's Qi would have disappeared.

Gu Chensha could feel inexplicable divine power on the imperial seal. This was pure spiritual sensing.

"If that's the case, I'll begin the sacrifice."

He took out the imperial edict. With a click, it burned. Then he cut his finger and dripped blood on it.

"Weng..."

The Heaven Sacrifice Talisman seemed to sense the Emperor's Qi in the edict. It emitted green light that circulated. The air shook, and the imperial edict disappeared without a trace.

In the depths of the green light, many light shadows appeared. These shadows suddenly shot out and entered Gu Chensha's mind. Instantly, he was stunned. In his mind, many figures were practicing profound martial arts. The profound martial arts merged with his thoughts.

He saw a figure walking on the ground with the sun and moon appearing in the sky above his head. This figure's body emitted brilliant golden light, and the light of sun and moon reflected each other. Countless thoughts and images came one after another.

Gu Chensha seemed to have obtained a vast cultivation method. His body involuntarily practiced with the cultivation method. In the depths of his mind, there was a will that sounded like a great bell:

"The Son of Heaven, shine with the sun and moon, live as long as Heaven and Earth, and share the same heart with all living beings. These three give birth to all things, ever-changing..."

Suddenly, the will stopped abruptly. The green light in the talisman also disappeared. The transmission of cultivation method and thoughts was cut off.

Gu Chensha woke up. After a long time, he regained his senses.

"Unfortunately, the Emperor's Qi on this edict wasn't strong. I've only obtained superficial knowledge of the Emperor's God Investiture Art."

"So the Emperor's God Investiture Art has three realms: Shine with the sun and moon, live as long as Heaven and Earth, and share the same heart with all living beings. I just learned the first move of the first realm."

The true Emperor's brilliance was comparable to the light of sun and moon, and his lifespan was the same as Heaven and Earth.

That was fine, but in the end—share the same heart with all living beings and become one with all living beings. What kind of realm would that be?

Gu Chensha had just learned one-tenth of the first realm, but he still benefited greatly. As long as he fully understood it and practiced hard, he would be able to step into the Dao Realm.

This edict was only for an Imperial Noble Consort, so the Emperor's Qi wasn't strong. If it were a real edict for ascending the throne, the Emperor's Qi would probably be ten times stronger.

However, such edicts were hidden in the depths of the palace's forbidden central hall. It was impossible to get them.

"Shh..." Gu Chensha let out a long breath. "Enough, enough. Even if it's just a little bit of martial arts, I'm afraid I won't be able to understand it without decades of hard work."

He put away the remaining ashes and sat cross-legged. He began thinking about what he had just learned.

At this moment, the sky was already slightly bright, but the moon hadn't set in the west yet. The sun had begun to rise, and the phenomenon of sun and moon appearing together appeared between heaven and earth.

Receiving this feeling, Gu Chensha's body began to tremble slightly. His pores opened, showing signs of absorbing the essence of sun and moon. Of course, this was just an illusion—it was impossible to truly reach this realm.

However, he had entered a state of meditation where his mind traveled with the sun and moon.

This was the art of cultivating the mind. It wasn't something that could be achieved by superior martial arts alone.

The Son of Heaven's Investiture Art was peerless ancient martial arts. Compared to "Dragon King Force" and "Thunder Slash Force," it was hundreds of times better.

Gu Chensha had only scratched the surface of the first realm, "Sun and Moon Shine Together." But as soon as he stepped into this wondrous realm, he had an epiphany.

"Crackle!"

The pores on his body pulsed. Wisps of white smoke spurted out, like burning smoke. The smoke gradually spread and enveloped his body like a cocoon.

This continued until the sky was bright.

With another sound, the cocoon cracked and the smoke dissipated. Gu Chensha no longer had the aura of showing off his abilities. Instead, he had returned to his natural state, and his eyes were calm. This was another step into a whole new realm.

He had reached the fourth level of the mortal realm—great heights, becoming a martial arts grandmaster.

Breaking out of the cocoon and becoming a butterfly in just one night. Such cultivation speed was truly shocking.

"Sun and Moon Refining Mind—the spirit is glorious, and the light is bright. This is too wonderful for words. After cultivating for a while, I feel much clearer. There are no distracting thoughts, only pure sincerity."

Gu Chensha was full of joy. "There are ten forms to Sun and Moon Shine Together. I've already mastered the first form, Sun and Moon Refining Mind. If I want to learn the other nine forms, I'll need to sacrifice more imperial edicts."

His body moved slightly. He wandered around the room, landing on the ground without sound.

"Creak!"

Little Yizi pushed the door open and saw the room full of shadows. They were as fast as ghosts. The shadows retracted, forming Gu Chensha again.

"Master, how come your martial arts and movement have changed? And your temperament... Have you reached the grandmaster realm? But without precious martial arts, it's impossible to refine the spirit and reach grandmaster realm." Little Yizi was shocked at first, then overjoyed.

"Not bad, there's always a way out."

Gu Chensha walked out of the room. He was bathed in morning light. "My strength has increased by leaps and bounds. I've stepped into a whole new level. If I continue training hard, there's hope for me to reach Dao Realm."

The first form of the Son of Heaven Sealing God Art's first realm, Sun and Moon Refining Mind, was enough for him to refine his spirit and break through to Dao Realm.

After reaching grandmaster realm, the most important thing wasn't training strength, because the physical body had reached its limit. To improve, one had to switch to cultivating the spirit. Most martial arts above precious grade were spirit cultivation techniques.

The Son of Heaven Sealing God Art had already surpassed all other grades of martial arts. Not to mention he had learned one form—it was more than enough for him to step into Dao Realm.

Sun and Moon Refining Mind was a form combining spirit cultivation, movement technique, blood energy, soul wandering, and mind connecting with sun and moon.

Of course, Gu Chensha had only scratched the surface. It would take him a long time to become familiar with this form. If he met Eighteenth Prince Gu Hongsha now, his Dragon King Energy still wouldn't be a match for him.

Precious grade martial arts could help reach grandmaster realm. Royal grade martial arts could help reach Dao Realm.

---

Morning came.

"Master, I've already prepared breakfast."

Little Yizi carried out porridge, vegetables, tofu, and a few yellow pancakes. There was no meat—it was really simple and plain.

"You eat it. I don't feel like eating food recently."

Gu Chensha was speaking the truth. After he made sacrifices, the power he obtained was enough to nourish his body and maintain his life.

Originally, not eating food was the first transformation of Dao Realm. With his cultivation, he was far from being able to use his mind to absorb spiritual energy to nourish his body.

Luckily, the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman's power was really extraordinary. It was the same as a Dao Realm expert forcefully injecting Heavenly Path Power into his body, which was why he could achieve such effects. Because of that, his cultivation was much faster than other princes.

Little Yizi was delighted. "It seems like I'm about to stand out. When the time comes, I'll show everyone how proud I am."

"Don't be arrogant. There's always someone better out there. Over the years, how many experts have been suppressed by the Imperial Dynasty? Under the Imperial Dynasty's power, even evil gods and demons have to restrain themselves."

Gu Chensha's eyes were filled with wisdom. "However, I have a higher chance of staying alive. It won't be easy for anyone to harm me."

"Master..." Little Yizi wanted to say something, but Gu Chensha's gaze turned sharp. "Someone's here."

As expected, a few eunuchs appeared at the door.

"Oh, it's Eunuch Chen. What wind blew you here?" Little Yizi went over to welcome him.

"Nineteenth Prince, I'm here to deliver a letter."

The middle-aged eunuch took out a letter and passed it to Little Yizi. He didn't even bow toward Gu Chensha and just left.

"Damn!"

Little Yizi looked at his retreating figure. "This servant doesn't bow to the Prince. If I report this to the Imperial Clan Court, he'll be beheaded!"

Gu Chensha shook his head. "What letter?" 