Chapter 33
=========

He had been practicing the Sun and Moon Transformation for a long time, and he gradually figured out many principles. The Sun and Moon Dragon Scales were extremely high-level energy storage. Not only could he not eat, but he could also release them, allowing him to instantly explode with an attack that surpassed his limit.

After he was poisoned, he could neutralize the poison and get rid of it, and it could prolong his life.

However, in that attack just now, about one-third of the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales melted and turned into energy. Fortunately, he could save up the Heavenly Dew in the future, so it wasn't difficult.

"It seems like the more the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales, the better. If I can practice the Sun and Moon Transformation to a higher level, I can hide the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales under my skin. But this will take at least three to five years of hard work," Gu Chensha thought.

He practiced the Son of Heaven Investiture Art. Even without a master, he had to explore it alone, and it was quite difficult.

Fortunately, there were bits and pieces of records about this strange art in the history books. He relied on these records and pondered, and his martial arts cultivation gradually matured.

"It's fine if you don't want to say." Seeing his silence, Lou Baiyue wasn't interested in asking anymore. "I have a whole new level of respect for you today. I think you will stand out among the many princes in the future."

"I was just lucky." Gu Chensha furrowed his brows. "Just like what the black bat said, the evil gods of the barbarians have actually issued such an oracle. Then, the situation in Xian Province may deteriorate and get out of hand. If the great plan of the spring expedition is ruined, both you and I will not be able to escape the blame. Everyone in the court will attack us, and even Father will punish us."

"You're right. This mission isn't going to be optimistic." Lou Baiyue pondered. "But His Majesty definitely knows every move of the Evil God. Since His Majesty has decided on the plan of plowing the court and sweeping the cave in the beginning of spring, he must have absolute confidence. If the task is not important, why would he give it to me? This is His Majesty's way of training for both of us."

"That makes sense." Gu Chensha suddenly thought of a problem. "The one guarding the border of Xian Province is Third Prince Gu Fansha. I beat up the butler of his mansion, which means I'm one of his men. Will he do something to me?"

"Are you scared now?" Lou Baiyue said. "Third Brother is someone who will seek revenge for the smallest grievance. His cultivation level is far above mine. I think as long as you arrive in Xian Province, he will give you a show of strength. He will make you feel disgraced, and you will no longer have the face to complete His Majesty's task."

"I'll deal with whatever comes my way. I'm not someone who's afraid of trouble," Gu Chensha naturally knew that the Third Prince, Gu Fansha, was not someone to be trifled with.

Among the many princes, the one with the highest martial arts should be the seventh prince. He was ranked first, and no one could shake him. The First Prince, the Second Prince, and the Third Prince were all equally matched.

The Fourth Prince was rather mysterious. Even though he had cultivated to the Dao Realm, he didn't reveal his strength. He was aloof from worldly affairs and had a quiet personality. He didn't have close relationships with anyone and didn't offend anyone.

"Send a message to the capital, tell them that the Dark Baleful Bat has appeared. Ask Lord Bi Xie to send out the Blood Iron Guards to capture this demon!" Lou Baiyue ordered.

"Yes!"

"Also, contact our Lou family's trading company in Xian Province. I will arrange the mission."

"Yes!"

Lou Baiyue's orders were sent out one by one. The Lou Family's power that had been built for many years was now operating smoothly. Gu Chensha could only be envious of them.

"I'm going to rest for a while. My blood and Qi are unstable after the battle with the Dark Baleful Bat," Gu Chensha stayed silent for a while and left.

Lou Baiyue nodded and didn't say anything else.

When he reached the small room on the ship, Gu Chensha laid down and covered himself with a blanket. He fell into a deep sleep.

In fact, he had already disappeared from the blanket. He had entered the space of the altar. He held the dried grass in his hand and lit it up. He mixed it with the blood essence of the barbarian tribe and used the blood as oil to start the ritual.

"Heaven above, your subject, Gu Chensha, has slain the evil barbarian and protected the order of the world. First, I will offer the blood and soul of the evil barbarian to the Heaven. May the Heaven have mercy on me and grant me the Heavenly Dew to cleanse the evil."

As his thoughts reverberated in the air, the blood and soul of the barbarian tribe suddenly disappeared. What replaced them was half a drop of crystal clear dew, bright and light, floating in mid-air.

"Only half a drop of Heavenly Dew? It seems that these barbarians aren't strong enough. They're not as strong as the generals who hunted in Nanshan."

Gu Chensha simply swallowed the half drop of Heavenly Dew. He felt that it was even purer than what Lou Baiyue had obtained.

The Heavenly Dew that Lou Baiyue had obtained was obtained by the ancient Son of Heaven during the ritual. After tens of thousands of years, the medicinal effects had evaporated.

After about ten breaths, Gu Chensha returned to the blanket. He seemed to have had a dream, but the medicinal effects of the Heavenly Dew were still circulating in his body.

"I'll consume all the Heavenly Dew and use the cultivation method of Sun and Moon Refining and Sun and Moon Transformation to transform all the medicinal effects into Sun and Moon Dragon Scales to protect the vital parts."

He immediately consumed the two drops of Heavenly Dew that Lou Baiyue had obtained from the exchange and meditated under the blanket to circulate his blood and Qi.

The Qi and blood in his body surged. Under the stimulation of the medicinal effects, it gradually merged into his blood. The blood turned into Sun and Moon Dragon Scales, protecting his lower abdomen, chest, crotch, back, and temples.

His temples were covered by his sideburns and the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales were hidden within, making it hard to notice.

This round of cultivation took a full night. The next day, the sky was bright and the sun was high up in the sky. Gu Chensha woke up from his meditation and felt refreshed. He breathed in and out, coughing out thick and turbid phlegm into the river. His entire body was free of filth.

The thick and turbid phlegm was the filth in the air. After the circulation of the blood, he spat it out and absorbed the fresh air.

If he was at the Dao Realm, he wouldn't be breathing normal air but spiritual energy. However, there wouldn't be any thick phlegm and filth.

He leaped onto the deck and spread out his fists and legs. The wind howled and he felt that the range of the air waves had expanded to three and a half steps. This meant that within three and a half steps, all swords and blades would be shaken off.

The water in front of him gradually opened up and the mountains got further away. Scattered villages and towns appeared on both sides. The flow of the river became slower and there were many ships coming and going. It was much more bustling than the night before.

"This Fire Shark Warship is really fast. It took only a few hours last night to cross the two thousand miles long gorge in the morning and arrive at the center of Stone Prefecture, a bustling place," Gu Chensha retracted his fists and legs. He calmed his breathing and observed the local customs.

"Your martial arts have improved since last night." Lou Baiyue's voice was heard again. "After Stone Prefecture, we will enter Xian Prefecture. In the past, it would take a few months to travel by dry road, but with the canal, we can reach it the day after tomorrow. You have to be prepared. I've received news that Xian Prefecture is indeed rotting. Many places are experiencing civil unrest and there are even signs of officials being killed. You and I have to go and pacify it as soon as possible. I originally planned to stay in the provincial capital of Stone Prefecture for half a day to visit the Shi Clan of Marquis Jushi, but I can't do that now."

"The Shi Clan of Marquis Jushi." Only now did Gu Chensha remember that the most powerful person in the entire border against the barbarians wasn't the Third Prince Gu Fansha, but Marquis Jushi.

Marquis Jushi was the trusted aide of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and had guarded the border for many years. When the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was still a prince, they became sworn brothers and fought for the world.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor opened up the mountains of Stone Prefecture and transported the mountain rocks to the border to build the Great Stone Wall was led by Marquis Jushi.

It was rumored that Marquis Jushi's father was a boulder in the mountains and his mother was a young girl. She went up the mountain to play and rested next to a boulder. When she woke up, she was pregnant with Marquis Jushi.

Because of this, Marquis Jushi was regarded as a monster when he was young and was not accepted by his family. However, he was taken in by a strange person and was taught a divine technique. His cultivation was successful and he became friends with the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. He helped the Heavenly Talisman Emperor ascend the throne and led the army to resist the barbarians for many years. He revitalized the family and established a thousand years of meritorious service. Everyone in the court, including Lou Chongxiao, had to respect Marquis Jushi.

Marquis Jushi's martial arts were unfathomable and he had killed countless experts of the barbarians and demonic sects. Many evil gods of the barbarians had sent down divine decrees to kill him, but to no avail. He could be said to be a cornerstone of the court.

"That's right, with Marquis Jushi in charge, why would there be corruption?" Gu Chensha asked. "Could it be... third brother is obstructing the government? The two factions are fighting for power? I remember that third brother only came to the border seven years ago to take command of the army."

"You understand politics." Lou Baiyue's expression was extremely serious. "Third brother is very ambitious. Seven years ago, he started to make arrangements at the border, recruiting experts, seizing military power, and sending people to infiltrate the border provinces to fight for power with Marquis Jushi. Marquis Jushi gave face to His Majesty and did not argue with third brother. He gave in in every way, causing the political situation at the border to be unstable."

"Father should have a clear understanding of these matters. Why did he let it go?" Gu Chensha was puzzled. "This is a national matter."

"His Majesty seems to have an agreement with the Fan family." Lou Baiyue sighed. "The Fan family's strength cannot be underestimated. They have inherited the teachings of the ancient Buddha and have a treasure that can kill gods. His Majesty must use this bow to deal a heavy blow to the evil gods of the barbarians."

"I know. That treasure is a bow and two arrows. The bow is called Liberation and the two arrows are called 'constant' and 'impermanent'. If you want to be liberated, you must understand the principle of constant and impermanent," Gu Chensha recalled the history books. "A person, a bow, and two arrows form the word 'Buddha'. In other words, whoever obtains the Liberation Bow and the Constant and Impermanent Arrows will be like Buddha."

"It seems like you've been studying hard and biding your time, accumulating a lot of knowledge." Lou Baiyue clapped his hands. "If that's the case, then you can lend me a helping hand. Now that I've made it clear to you, I'm going to help His Majesty with this errand. You can't drop the ball at this crucial moment. Let's make it clear today. I used to be hostile towards you, but this time, the extermination of the barbarians is related to the safety of the world. You and I must cooperate sincerely. When it's done, I will protect you against the other princes."

"Don't worry, I know which is more important, the people of the world and my own interests." Gu Chensha's tone was solemn. "The barbarians are cruel and the evil gods have disturbed the way of heaven. If they gain power, the world will be plunged into misery. Even if I have to risk my life, I will do my job well and let the army exterminate the barbarians successfully."

"I didn't realize that." Lou Baiyue was surprised. "You actually care about the world. From your tone, I can feel that you are not lying. You are more magnanimous than the other princes. Those princes only know how to fight for power, expand their influence, and even create chaos in the world. If you keep this heart, it will be good for you." 