Chapter 17
=========

After the eunuch put away the hundred dollar bill, he looked at him deeply and said, "Nineteenth Master, next year, His Majesty will personally go to the barbarians for the third time. Although this hunt is a test of martial arts, it is actually because Marquis Jushi has captured a group of barbarian masters and escorted them to the capital. His Majesty has imprisoned these barbarians in Nanshan Hill. This time, he has asked the princes to go and kill the barbarians. It is not just a simple hunt."

"Thank you, eunuch."

Gu Chensha knew that this was the effect of the hundred dollar bill. This information was very important.

"Then I will take my leave. It is best to arrive on time and not make His Majesty unhappy." The eunuch turned and left the small courtyard.

"Master, what should we do?" Little Yizi said. "Should we go hunting? In the past, you have always pretended to be sick, this time..."

"This time." Gu Chensha thought for a moment and said, "The news of me practicing martial arts has already spread. If I continue to pretend to be sick, people will have something to use against me. Besides, I have already accepted the imperial edict. I cannot bear the crime of defying it."

"That is true. Sooner or later, I will have to face the complicated situation of the court. I cannot drag it on like this." Little Yizi was also looking forward to it.

"I will rush to Nanshan hunting ground. You can practice martial arts at home. If there is anything, contact Long Yuyun." As he spoke, Gu Chensha took out a sheepskin coat and wrapped it tightly around his body. He stepped out through the snow. His martial arts were successful, so he did not need a coat, but he still had to put on a show.

He hurried through the wind and snow, heading to Nanshan Hill. After he left the capital, the snow became heavier and the whirlwind blew. The world was white and he could not see the road in front of him. Fortunately, his martial arts were profound and he walked as fast as he could.

Gu Chensha had already achieved some success in practicing the Sun and Moon Refining. In ancient times, there were giants chasing the sun. This was a divine power that was comprehended from practicing the Sun and Moon Refining. He could even catch up to the sun. With such speed, his movements were naturally marvelous.

As he hurried, he seemed to become one with the wind and snow. He did not use any strength and moved forward with the help of the wind and snow.

Gu Chensha let out a clear whistle, and his body grew three feet. He was as tall and mighty as a giant spirit. He sped up, like a snow elf floating in the wind and snow. In about an hour, he arrived at the foot of Nanshan Hill.

Normally, it would take four hours to travel from the capital to Nanshan Hill on a fast horse, not to mention the heavy snow.

Stopping at the foot of Nanshan Hill, Gu Chensha breathed evenly, without any physical exhaustion. He silently used his spirit to check his internal organs, muscles, bones, acupoints, and meridians. He found that he was still full of vitality. He couldn't help but sigh, "I have completely digested the strength of the wolf, bear, and python and turned them into my own strength."

The wind and snow had stopped, but the ground was already covered in several feet of snow. Anyone who stepped on it would sink into the snow, making it difficult for them to move.

However, at this moment, there were many soldiers and ceremonial guards at the foot of Nanshan Hill, and the snow on the official road had been cleared. Dragon flags were fluttering in the wind, and it was full of activity.

Layers of obstacles were set up on the official road, and giant tents were also set up. There were also many royal carriages and horses coming on the official road.

When the Emperor went out, hundreds of officials accompanied him, and the ceremonial guards stretched for ten miles. This was not ostentatious, but basic etiquette and dignity. If not, it would not be enough to shock the world, and not enough to cultivate the Emperor's energy. All dignity was nurtured in etiquette.

There were people setting up obstacles on the road. When they saw Gu Chensha walking over, they immediately shouted, "Who is it?"

"It's me."

Gu Chensha took out the identity card of a prince. This was something that was checked every day when he entered and left the palace. When he came of age, he would open his own mansion, and this identity card would have to be turned in. In the future, he would have to report to the palace and get permission.

"Oh, it's the Nineteenth Prince. Go in. His Majesty hasn't arrived yet, and we are in charge of guarding the imperial guards. Some of the princes have arrived and are resting in the camp at the foot of the mountain. The Nineteenth Prince can go there for the gathering." The soldier was very polite and immediately led the way.

In the center of the camp, there were many tents that were heavily guarded. However, there were many princes walking back and forth, communicating with each other. They were taking advantage of the Emperor's Hunt to increase their connections.

There were even princes who befriended ministers and officials, strengthening their positions and gaining support.

In the past dynasties, the Emperor would forbid the princes and officials from forming cliques. This was to prevent the princes from forming cliques to rebel against the Emperor. But in the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the Emperor encouraged the princes to get close to the ministers. This would make it easier for them to get things done. Not only that, he didn't appoint a Crown Prince and allowed the princes to make decisions for the country. Whoever did a good job would be able to take on great responsibilities.

Gu Chensha was very familiar with the history books and knew the drawback of this. This would create factions of various sizes in the royal court. Since the Heavenly Talisman Emperor did this, it meant that he had absolute control over the royal court and had absolute confidence in his own strength.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor's cultivation base was unfathomable. Back then when he was still a prince, he fought for the country and destroyed countless sects. There were even evil gods that bewitched the hearts of the people.

Without absolute strength, it was impossible for him to seize the throne with the identity of an illegitimate son.

"Haha, isn't this the Nineteenth Prince who eats meat?" A thunderous voice rang out, causing the ears of those who heard it to hurt. The cultivation base of the person who spoke was not to be underestimated.

"Tenth Prince."

Gu Chensha inclined his head, only to see that the prince who spoke was a head taller than him. He was clad in bronze-colored armor and his belt seemed to be coiled around by ferocious snakes. He exuded an aura akin to a mountain and his appearance was even more ferocious. This was Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha.

A few years ago, Gu Chensha's head was injured by this Tenth Prince. It took a long time for him to recover, and that was all because of Lou Baiyue's provocation.

These few days, Tenth Prince even said that he wanted to cripple him. Now that they met, Gu Chensha knew that there would be trouble.

"Little Nineteen, I heard that you've been working hard recently and have been practicing your martial arts?"

Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha walked over with large strides, his aura blazing. The people in the surroundings dispersed. He was like a wolf and an eagle, exuding a soul-stirring aura. Even ordinary experts would tremble in fear when they looked at him.

There were a few princes and a group of royal clan members who were watching the show with smiles on their faces.

Gu Chensha stood straight and did not retreat. His opponent's aura pressure had no effect on him. If it was in the past, he would definitely be so shocked that he would retreat continuously. He might even lose his footing and fall onto the ground. But now, his power was extremely great and his energy was deep, yet he did not show any signs of it.

"He seems to have made some achievements."

Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's expression darkened. Under the pressure of his aura just now, Gu Chensha actually did not move at all. This was a little shocking. The other nobles who were watching also exchanged glances.

"Let me see how your cultivation is going."

Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha stretched out his hand and a wave of energy was generated. His long arm broke through the air and let out an ear-piercing shriek. As his five fingers enveloped, the surrounding air was compressed inwards, forming a cage that made it impossible for anyone to escape. When this move was used, there was a faint smell of blood and the howling of ghosts and gods.

"Five Ghost Great Capture!" The experts who knew their stuff shouted out.

The five fingers were the five ghosts, moving and capturing, driving the air current. One strike could not only break tendons and bones, but it could even tear apart a human body.

It was rumored that this ultimate art was the ultimate art of the Ghost King Sect. It was a spell to worship the five ghosts. It had been passed down for thousands of years among the people and was considered obscene. But the past dynasties could not stop it. Until the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty finally defeated the Five Ghost Sect. The Imperial Court took the Ghost King Sutra that had been passed down from the ancient times and filled up the royal library.

Although the Ghost King Sutra was an evil ultimate art, the content within had its merits. Tenth Prince's foundation was the Lightning Slash Force. It was extremely fierce and had a strong Yang energy. However, he combined it with the Ghost King Sutra, combining yin and yang, good and evil as one, making it easier for him to break through to the Dao Realm.

Gu Chensha's eyes instantly lit up like the sun and moon. He cultivated the Sun and Moon Refining and Sun and Moon Change of the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art. His entire body had the feeling of the sun and moon in the sky. Facing this move, he was not afraid at all. He suddenly took a step forward, and his arms visibly thickened. His skin faintly had the color of bronze.

Peng!

The two arms collided, and both Gu Chensha and Tenth Prince retreated. Heavy footprints appeared on the ground. The shockwaves from their clash blew the surrounding snow away, blinding the eyes of the onlookers.

"What?" The eyeballs of the surrounding people almost fell out.

"What is going on? They are actually evenly matched? Tenth Prince has godly strength and is a martial arts genius. He has been through hundreds of battles and has wiped out many evil sects that were enemies of the Imperial Court. His Lightning Slash Force is so strong that even His Majesty praised him for using lightning to kill demons. It is only a matter of time before he steps into the Dao Realm. But he can't even take down Nineteenth Prince?"

"The Great Spirit God Technique? Mountain Moving Stance?"

Lou Baiyue was there too. Her face was solemn and her heart was racing. "Tenth Prince's attack is no small matter, but it was still blocked? Gu Chensha used the Mountain Moving Stance of the Great Spirit God Technique. Did he really activate the Giant Spirit Bloodline? Even for the Xian Dynasty Imperial Court, it is rare for it to appear in hundreds of years. This is nothing short of a miracle."

The Xian Dynasty Imperial Court was rumored to have the bloodline of the ancient Great Spirit God. But now, the bloodline was very thin and rare. Every time it appeared, it was when the Xian Dynasty was flourishing.

But this was secondary. Once the Giant Spirit Bloodline was activated, through sacrifice, one could communicate with the Great Spirit God!

If this news spread, the old and young of the Xian Dynasty, as well as the people who believed in the Great Spirit God, would think that Gu Chensha was the Xian Dynasty Emperor. Now, the Xian Dynasty was destroyed, but the faith of the Great Spirit God still existed.

The Great Spirit God was a True God conferred in the ancient times. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor could not remove his position and could only allow it to exist.

If he were to remove it forcefully, it would cause a backlash from the gods, causing chaos in the world and damaging the fate of the country.

"Tenth Prince's martial arts are very strong, especially his baleful aura. His combat experience is not something I can compare to."

Gu Chensha calmed the power in his body. His opponent's Five Ghost Great Capture technique contained five layers of ripping power, and the slightest bit of carelessness could result in severe injuries. If he hadn't cultivated with Long Yuyun for the past three days, as well as studied the second form of the Sun and Moon Change technique, he most likely would have been defeated.

The Son of Heaven's Investiture Art was a supreme technique, but it was a pity that he had not cultivated it for a year. He didn't even comprehend one ten-thousandth of it. If he had three, five, or even eight years of cultivation, it wouldn't be difficult for him to dominate the world.

In this battle, he immediately calculated his gains and losses. If he were to fight Tenth Prince to the death, he might not be able to win for sure. Moreover, Tenth Prince definitely had some hidden trump cards. 